PC Software/games.md, before:

---
title: Games
description: List of safe and trusted sites for Games.
---

## General Torrent
**Some of these sites have Fake and Mirror sites, you should only use the ones we linked.**

**[1337x.to](https://1337x.to) | [.st](https://1337x.st/) | [.gd](https://1337x.gd/) | [.eu](https://x1337x.eu/) (Torrent)**

A very popular Torrenting site which has an incredible amount of content, but also has major downsides including a bad moderation team in general (not banning uploaders who have uploaded Malware in the past) and an *incredibly* unsafe Software category.  
**_NOTE: Do not get Software Releases from this site.  
Stay away from Torrents by [IGGGAMES](https://1337x.to/user/IGGGAMESCOM/), [xGIROx](https://1337x.to/user/xGIROx/), Seyter, Qoob, nosTEAM and CorePack._**  

**[RARBG](https://rarbg.to) (Torrent)**

A very safe site to get Games from, mostly Scene Releases which they have Auto Uploading Bots for. If you use a VPN get ready to solve reCAPTCHAs.  
<sub>psst. check the [misc](https://ripped.guide/Utilities/misc/#:~:text=reCAPTCHA%20Solver%20%26%20hCaptcha%20Solver%20%2D%20Automatically%20solves%20reCAPTCHAs%20and%20hCaptchas%20on%20websites%2C%20no%20user%20interaction%20required.) page for captcha bypasses.</sub>

**[RuTor](http://rutor.info) (Torrent)**

An old Russian tracker that has plenty of content but with generally less seeders. Some Repackers upload exclusively here.  
**_NOTE: Only get Games from R.G. Mechanics, Chovka, XATAB and FitGirl_**.

## Repackers

**[FitGirl](https://fitgirl-repacks.site) (Torrent / DDL)**

One of the most well known and reputable Repacker out there, very active and provides Torrent links with DDL mirrors. Only downside being the Repacks can take a long time to install depending on your hardware. Mostly Uploads on 1337x, RuTor, Tapocheck and some DDL mirrors that are linked on her site.

**[DODI](https://dodi-repacks.site) (Torrent / DDL)**

Another active Repacker that provides Torrent links with DDL mirrors. Usually takes less time to install compared to FitGirl, while having ever so slightly larger Releases. Other than DDL Mirrors on his site, he Uploads on 1337x.

**[Masquerade](https://masquerade.site) (DDL / Torrent)**

A known Repacker that focuses more on Indie titles. Mostly uses Google Drive as the main downloading option and Torrents on his newer Releases.

**[XATAB](https://xatab-repack.com) (Torrent)**

One of the oldest and most respected Repacker that passed away recently. His site is currently reposting from other sources but his old Releases can still be found there.  
**RIP 196X - 2021.**

## General DDL

**[Ova Games](https://ovagames.com) (DDL)**

A site which focuses on re-uploading Repacks, P2P Cracks, Scene Releases and GOG Rips to various hosts. Rarely includes Torrent links. Takes requests.

**[CrackHub](https://crackhub.site) (DDL)**

Another site that mainly focuses on re-uploading to different hosts, takes requests too. It also has an Automatic Scene Uploading Bot which Uploads to Zippyshare, found [here](https://scene.crackhub.site).

**[GamesDrive](https://gamesdrive.net) (DDL)**

Another site that re-uploads Repacks, P2P Cracks and Scene Releases to various hosts. They also take requests.

## Forums

**[CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum) (DDL)**

Arguably the best site for Steam Piracy. It's a well moderated Forum with active members. Not only good for getting Games from, but also learning about different Cracking tools and resources for Steam Games. **_Requires Sign-up_**.

**[Torrminatorr](https://forum.torrminatorr.com) (DDL)**

Another well moderated Forum with active Uploaders and discussions that allow Scene Uploads (contrary of CS.RIN.RU), GOG Rips, Retro Games and even Linux Games. **_Requires Sign-up_**.

## Misc

**[Online-Fix](https://online-fix.me) (DDL / Torrent)**

Any Cracked Game that has Multiplayer unlocked (usually on Steam) you will most likely find it here done by their own internal Cracker, 0xdeadc0de.  
**_NOTE: Their site has strong measures against Ad-blockers. Requires Sign-up._**  

**[GOG Games](https://gog-games.com) (DDL)**

Every GOG DRM-free Game, ripped and re-uploaded on Mirrors. Every installer is untouched and has a cryptographic SHA-265 key from GOG.

**[My Abandonware](https://myabandonware.com) (DDL)**

Offers Downloads for old titles and hard to find Abandonware Games, including everything they came with.

**[F95zone](https://f95zone.to/) & [U18-Chan](https://u18chan.com/a/) (DDL)**

Big Forums for **_Adult Games_**. U18-Chan focuses more on **_Yiff Games_** while F95zone mainly focuses on **_Eroges_** but has other content as well. **_They both require you to Sign-up_**.

**[Nyaa](https://nyaa.si/?c=6_0) & [Sukebei](https://sukebei.nyaa.si/?c=1_3) (Torrent)**

Both are good sources for popular Visual Novels and Japanese Games while the latter is more for **_NSFW titles_**.  

**[Lewd Patcher](https://lewdpatcher.com) (DDL)**

Has many different **_Uncensored_** and **_Lewd_** patches for Games, which can be applied as a mod.

[**Flashpoint**](https://bluemaxima.org/flashpoint/downloads/) - Preservation project for Adobe Flash Games. With it, you can play your childhood's Games, again. Use Flashpoint Infinity for general use and messing around.  

# Tools
<sub>Most of these DLC unlocker tools require the actual DLC files to work, to find the DLC files: find the game topic in [CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum), check the first post for links to the DLC files, if there are none, then use the searchbar to search for the DLC files within the thread.</sub>

[**CreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=70576) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Steam Games.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[creamapi-db](https://creamapidb.herokuapp.com/) - A database site that generates CreamAPI configuration files quickly.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Auto-CreamAPI 2](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=102173) - A tool that makes it quicker to setup CreamAPI by automating some processes.

[**EA DLC Unlocker**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=104412) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Origin/EA Games. (Has support for Mac.)  
[**ScreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=106474) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Epic Games.  
[**DreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=111520) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Epic and Origin/EA Games.

[**Goldberg Steam Emu**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=91627) | [**SmartSteamEmu SSE**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=62935) - Steam Emulators which can bypass the basic Steam DRM. They also allow playing some Multiplayer Games on LAN with friends and unlock DLCs.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[GoldbergGUI](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=111152) - GUI Tool for applying Goldberg's Steam Emulator easily.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[SSE's Companions](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=67795) - A collection of tools/apps for SmartSteamEmu.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Reborn SSE Comfy Launcher](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=91948) - An easy to use SSE launcher.

[**GreenLuma 2020**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=103709) - A tool that can unlock DLCs for legitimately owned Games, bypass Steam region locks, bypass Family Sharing restrictions, unlock Steam achievements for unowned Games and more.

<sub>Check out the Release Board of [CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewforum.php?f=29) and the [RIN SteamInternals](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=65887) for more useful Game Piracy Tools.</sub>
 
> **DDL:** Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> **Torrent:** A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down. We recommend using [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) as a BitTorrent client.   

> &nbsp;

> **Repacks:** Highly Compressed Games that usually include all released DLCs, language packs, are Pre-Cracked and require minimal Piracy knowledge. Good for beginners and people that have limited Internet bandwidth.

> &nbsp;

> **Mirrors:** An alternate download link for the same file, similar to a DDL, but hosted in different places. If one mirror goes down, you can download the file from another mirror

Commit message:

fix and more clarification for SSE

PC Software/games.md, after:

---
title: Games
description: List of safe and trusted sites for Games.
---

## General Torrent
**Some of these sites have Fake and Mirror sites, you should only use the ones we linked.**

**[1337x.to](https://1337x.to) | [.st](https://1337x.st/) | [.gd](https://1337x.gd/) | [.eu](https://x1337x.eu/) (Torrent)**

A very popular Torrenting site which has an incredible amount of content, but also has major downsides including a bad moderation team in general (not banning uploaders who have uploaded Malware in the past) and an *incredibly* unsafe Software category.  
**_NOTE: Do not get Software Releases from this site.  
Stay away from Torrents by [IGGGAMES](https://1337x.to/user/IGGGAMESCOM/), [xGIROx](https://1337x.to/user/xGIROx/), Seyter, Qoob, nosTEAM and CorePack._**  

**[RARBG](https://rarbg.to) (Torrent)**

A very safe site to get Games from, mostly Scene Releases which they have Auto Uploading Bots for. If you use a VPN get ready to solve reCAPTCHAs.  
<sub>psst. check the [misc](https://ripped.guide/Utilities/misc/#:~:text=reCAPTCHA%20Solver%20%26%20hCaptcha%20Solver%20%2D%20Automatically%20solves%20reCAPTCHAs%20and%20hCaptchas%20on%20websites%2C%20no%20user%20interaction%20required.) page for captcha bypasses.</sub>

**[RuTor](http://rutor.info) (Torrent)**

An old Russian tracker that has plenty of content but with generally less seeders. Some Repackers upload exclusively here.  
**_NOTE: Only get Games from R.G. Mechanics, Chovka, XATAB and FitGirl_**.

## Repackers

**[FitGirl](https://fitgirl-repacks.site) (Torrent / DDL)**

One of the most well known and reputable Repacker out there, very active and provides Torrent links with DDL mirrors. Only downside being the Repacks can take a long time to install depending on your hardware. Mostly Uploads on 1337x, RuTor, Tapocheck and some DDL mirrors that are linked on her site.

**[DODI](https://dodi-repacks.site) (Torrent / DDL)**

Another active Repacker that provides Torrent links with DDL mirrors. Usually takes less time to install compared to FitGirl, while having ever so slightly larger Releases. Other than DDL Mirrors on his site, he Uploads on 1337x.

**[Masquerade](https://masquerade.site) (DDL / Torrent)**

A known Repacker that focuses more on Indie titles. Mostly uses Google Drive as the main downloading option and Torrents on his newer Releases.

**[XATAB](https://xatab-repack.com) (Torrent)**

One of the oldest and most respected Repacker that passed away recently. His site is currently reposting from other sources but his old Releases can still be found there.  
**RIP 196X - 2021.**

## General DDL

**[Ova Games](https://ovagames.com) (DDL)**

A site which focuses on re-uploading Repacks, P2P Cracks, Scene Releases and GOG Rips to various hosts. Rarely includes Torrent links. Takes requests.

**[CrackHub](https://crackhub.site) (DDL)**

Another site that mainly focuses on re-uploading to different hosts, takes requests too. It also has an Automatic Scene Uploading Bot which Uploads to Zippyshare, found [here](https://scene.crackhub.site).

**[GamesDrive](https://gamesdrive.net) (DDL)**

Another site that re-uploads Repacks, P2P Cracks and Scene Releases to various hosts. They also take requests.

## Forums

**[CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum) (DDL)**

Arguably the best site for Steam Piracy. It's a well moderated Forum with active members. Not only good for getting Games from, but also learning about different Cracking tools and resources for Steam Games. **_Requires Sign-up_**.

**[Torrminatorr](https://forum.torrminatorr.com) (DDL)**

Another well moderated Forum with active Uploaders and discussions that allow Scene Uploads (contrary of CS.RIN.RU), GOG Rips, Retro Games and even Linux Games. **_Requires Sign-up_**.

## Misc

**[Online-Fix](https://online-fix.me) (DDL / Torrent)**

Any Cracked Game that has Multiplayer unlocked (usually on Steam) you will most likely find it here done by their own internal Cracker, 0xdeadc0de.  
**_NOTE: Their site has strong measures against Ad-blockers. Requires Sign-up._**  

**[GOG Games](https://gog-games.com) (DDL)**

Every GOG DRM-free Game, ripped and re-uploaded on Mirrors. Every installer is untouched and has a cryptographic SHA-265 key from GOG.

**[My Abandonware](https://myabandonware.com) (DDL)**

Offers Downloads for old titles and hard to find Abandonware Games, including everything they came with.

**[F95zone](https://f95zone.to/) & [U18-Chan](https://u18chan.com/a/) (DDL)**

Big Forums for **_Adult Games_**. U18-Chan focuses more on **_Yiff Games_** while F95zone mainly focuses on **_Eroges_** but has other content as well. **_They both require you to Sign-up_**.

**[Nyaa](https://nyaa.si/?c=6_0) & [Sukebei](https://sukebei.nyaa.si/?c=1_3) (Torrent)**

Both are good sources for popular Visual Novels and Japanese Games while the latter is more for **_NSFW titles_**.  

**[Lewd Patcher](https://lewdpatcher.com) (DDL)**

Has many different **_Uncensored_** and **_Lewd_** patches for Games, which can be applied as a mod.

[**Flashpoint**](https://bluemaxima.org/flashpoint/downloads/) - Preservation project for Adobe Flash Games. With it, you can play your childhood's Games, again. Use Flashpoint Infinity for general use and messing around.  

# Tools
<sub>Most of these DLC unlocker tools require the actual DLC files to work, to find the DLC files: find the game topic in [CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum), check the first post for links to the DLC files, if there are none, then use the searchbar to search for the DLC files within the thread.</sub>

[**CreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=70576) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Steam Games.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[creamapi-db](https://creamapidb.herokuapp.com/) - A database site that generates CreamAPI configuration files quickly.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Auto-CreamAPI 2](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=102173) - A tool that makes it quicker to setup CreamAPI by automating some processes.

[**EA DLC Unlocker**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=104412) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Origin/EA Games. (Has support for Mac.)  
[**ScreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=106474) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Epic Games.  
[**DreamAPI**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=111520) - Tool that can unlock all DLCs on legitimately owned Epic and Origin/EA Games.

[**Goldberg Steam Emu**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=91627) | [**SmartSteamEmu (SSE) [v1.4.3]**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=62935) - Steam Emulators which can bypass the basic Steam DRM. They also allow playing some Multiplayer Games on LAN with friends and unlock DLCs. Goldberg is more beginner friendly and easier to use but lacks some features SSE has, such as; Bypassing SteamStub DRM, tracking and unlocking Achievements, a pre-packaged Game Launcher that makes it easier to manage games and configure them, a more advanced Steam Overlay and support for Plugins.  
**NOTE:** SSE is abandoned. If you're having issues with it, use [SSE Reborn Client [v1.46.1]](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?p=2009102#p2009102).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[GoldbergGUI](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=111152) - GUI Tool for applying Goldberg's Steam Emulator easily.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[SSE's Companions](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=67795) - A collection of tools/apps for SmartSteamEmu.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Reborn SSE Comfy Launcher](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=91948) - An easy to use SSE launcher.

[**GreenLuma 2020**](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=103709) - A tool that can unlock DLCs for legitimately owned Games, bypass Steam region locks, bypass Family Sharing restrictions, unlock Steam achievements for unowned Games and more.

<sub>Check out the Release Board of [CS.RIN.RU](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewforum.php?f=29) and the [RIN SteamInternals](https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?t=65887) for more useful Game Piracy Tools.</sub>
 
> **DDL:** Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> **Torrent:** A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down. We recommend using [qBittorrent](https://www.qbittorrent.org/) as a BitTorrent client.   

> &nbsp;

> **Repacks:** Highly Compressed Games that usually include all released DLCs, language packs, are Pre-Cracked and require minimal Piracy knowledge. Good for beginners and people that have limited Internet bandwidth.

> &nbsp;

> **Mirrors:** An alternate download link for the same file, similar to a DDL, but hosted in different places. If one mirror goes down, you can download the file from another mirror
