about.md, before:

---
title: About
description: About this site.
---

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute by making a Pull Request or an issue with your contribution in our [**docs**](https://github.com/rippedpiracy/docs) repo.

## Formatting

This website is generated using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org) & Markdown, you can learn more about the latter [**here**](https://www.markdowntutorial.com/).

In brief, here's how Markdown works:

```md
---
title: (title here)
description: (a short description that will appear in embeds)
---

# Header 

Content

> Quote

## Subheading

here is a [link]​(https://discord.gg/6qVr2aR)

here is *italic text*

here is **bold text**

here is **_italic and bold text_**

here is an unordered list:

- item 1
- item 2

here is an ordered list:

1. item 1
2. item 2

```

## Guides

For Guides, you may include some extra metadata at the top (within the `---`):

```yml
author: (you)
contributors: (remove this line if empty)
```

## Discord Invite

[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/702220357834244248/embed.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/6qVr2aR)

## Contributors

{{ github.contributors }}

Commit message:

add html tags to about.md

about.md, after:

---
title: About
description: About this site.
---

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute by making a Pull Request or an issue with your contribution in our [**docs**](https://github.com/rippedpiracy/docs) repo.

## Formatting

This website is generated using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org) & Markdown, you can learn more about the latter [**here**](https://www.markdowntutorial.com/).

In brief, here's how Markdown works:

```md
---
title: (title here)
description: (a short description that will appear in embeds)
---

# Header 

Content

> Quote

## Subheading

here is a [link]​(https://discord.gg/6qVr2aR)

here is *italic text*

here is **bold text**

here is **_italic and bold text_**

here is an unordered list:

- item 1
- item 2

here is an ordered list:

1. item 1
2. item 2

```
You can also use these HTML tags,
```html
here is <u>underlined text</u>

here is a <sub>subheading</sub>

here is <sup>superscript text</sup>
```

## Guides

For Guides, you may include some extra metadata at the top (within the `---`):

```yml
author: (you)
contributors: (remove this line if empty)
```

## Discord Invite

[![Discord Server](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/702220357834244248/embed.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/6qVr2aR)

## Contributors

{{ github.contributors }}
