Consoles/Emulation.md, before:

---
title: Emulation
description: Resources for Emulation and sites that offer ROM Downloads.
---

Use an AdBlocker such as [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) and [FastForward](https://fastforward.team) while browsing all of these sites!  
<small>Note: Many of the tools on the <a target="_self" href="/Utilities/Misc">Misc</a> page can be used to improve your downloading experience.</small>

## ROMs

**[ROMSPURE](https://romspure.cc/roms) (DDL)**

Nice place to get a large list of ROMs from every type of system.

**[RomUlation](https://www.romulation.org/) (DDL)**  

Offering ROM Downloads since 2004.  
*<small><b>Ignore any Pop-ups/Banners about faster Downloads/Premium. Try another ROM site if the Download is for Premium Users.</b></small>*

**[RomsGet](https://romsget.io/) (DDL)**  

Straightforward UI to Download many ROMs directly.

**[r/ROMs Megathread](https://r-roms.github.io/) (DDL)**

The r/ROMs Megathread, with links for Popular and Arcade ROMs, visualized with mkdocs.

**[NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) | [PSNDL](https://psndl.net/) (DDL)**

 The best places to get VITA, PS3, PSP, PSX Games / DLCs and more, directly from Sony's servers with no Middle-Man.

**[Vimm's Lair: Vault](https://vimm.net/vault/) (DDL / Torrent)**

Vimm provides Torrents for larger Downloads like Wii Games, since the site's Download speed is a bit slow.

**[AlvRo's Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19tAZ1KNEUZ58e-4kPJGh947alDb1oyrNpzcnCLk7DEE/pubhtml) (DDL)**

Mr. AlvRo has organized all of his ROM's Download links via [1fichier](https://1fichier.com/) in a Google Spreadsheet, for ease of browsing.

**[PortalRoms Archive](https://krakenfiles.com/view/ti6w9uifUv/file.html) (Torrent)**

Before PortalRoms shut down, one of Ripped's Staff Members made a Backup of all its ROM Downloads.  
*<small><b>If you download any of these Torrents please seed them as long as possible.</b></small>*

**[Ziperto](https://www.ziperto.com) (DDL)**

Nice source for Nintendo and PlayStation ROMs, unfortunately only has those.

**[CiasPara3DS](https://ciaspara3ds.blogspot.com/) (DDL)**

This site is a pretty nice source for 3DS CIA Games, if you're a bit rusty in Spanish you might need to use a Translate Extension.

**[hShop](https://hshop.erista.me/) (DDL)**

You can easily Download 3DS Games by scanning a QR code with the [FBI](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-fbi-open-source-cia-installer.386433/) app.  
*<small>Installing via QR code on the 3DS may be quite slow as the device does not have a good NIC chip.</small>*

**[nsw2u](https://nsw2u.xyz/) (DDL)**

Changes domains frequently, offers NSP / XCI files for Switch Games, with Updates included.

**[CDRomance](https://cdromance.com/) (DDL)**

A Site similar to [Ziperto](https://ziperto.com) which offers more ROMs for different consoles, uploaded directly to the site.

**[Scene CrackHub](http://scene.crackhub.site/) (DDL)**

An Auto Scene Release Uploader Bot that uploads Nintendo Switch titles among other ROMs.

## Emulators

[/emugen/ Wiki](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/) - The **ULTIMATE** guide for all Emulators on all Platforms.  
*<small>Make sure to check with your Emulator [here](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/index.php/Emulator_files) in case it requires some sort of BIOS or special file to function.</small>*

[**Yuzu EA**](https://pineappleea.github.io/) - Early Access version of [Yuzu](https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu).

### to edit
Include ps4/5 etc dont have emulators

## Apps

[**qBittorrent**](https://www.qbittorrent.org) | [**Deluge**](https://www.deluge-torrent.org) | [**Transmission**](https://transmissionbt.com/) - Free, Lightweight and open source Torrent Clients.  
*<small>We do not recommend using [µTorrent](https://www.utorrent.com) or [BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/), as it came bundled with Adware, Spyware, and Crypto-Miners in the past [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.trustedreviews.com/news/utorrent-silently-installing-bundled-bitcoin-mining-software-2931825). In its current state, it's Adware and Bloatware. We don't recommend using µTorrent v2.2.1 either due to confirmed Security Exploits.</small>*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBitorrent Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/qbittorrent.md) - A guide for configuring qBitorrent.

[**IDM**](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/) | [**JD2**](https://jdownloader.org/jdownloader2) | [**XDM**](https://xtremedownloadmanager.com/) | [**Motrix**](https://motrix.app/) | [**FDM**](https://www.freedownloadmanager.org/) - Download Managers that can boost Download speeds. Motrix and FDM support Torrenting, XDM is best for capturing downloads from your Browser, and JD2 is best for downloading multiple files simultaneously.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Elephant](https://github.com/meowcateatrat/elephant) - Adds YT-DLP support to FDM, meaning it can download from all [these](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) sites.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[JDownloader 2 Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/jdownloader2.md) - A guide for setting up JDownloader 2.

> <span style="color:orange">**DDL:**</span> Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> <span style="color:orange;">**Torrent:**</span> A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down.

Commit message:

extremely basic note. idk what helmasko thinks about

Consoles/Emulation.md, after:

---
title: Emulation
description: Resources for Emulation and sites that offer ROM Downloads.
---

Use an AdBlocker such as [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) and [FastForward](https://fastforward.team) while browsing all of these sites!  
<small>Note: Many of the tools on the <a target="_self" href="/Utilities/Misc">Misc</a> page can be used to improve your downloading experience.</small>

## ROMs

**[ROMSPURE](https://romspure.cc/roms) (DDL)**

Nice place to get a large list of ROMs from every type of system.

**[RomUlation](https://www.romulation.org/) (DDL)**  

Offering ROM Downloads since 2004.  
*<small><b>Ignore any Pop-ups/Banners about faster Downloads/Premium. Try another ROM site if the Download is for Premium Users.</b></small>*

**[RomsGet](https://romsget.io/) (DDL)**  

Straightforward UI to Download many ROMs directly.

**[r/ROMs Megathread](https://r-roms.github.io/) (DDL)**

The r/ROMs Megathread, with links for Popular and Arcade ROMs, visualized with mkdocs.

**[NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) | [PSNDL](https://psndl.net/) (DDL)**

 The best places to get VITA, PS3, PSP, PSX Games / DLCs and more, directly from Sony's servers with no Middle-Man.

**[Vimm's Lair: Vault](https://vimm.net/vault/) (DDL / Torrent)**

Vimm provides Torrents for larger Downloads like Wii Games, since the site's Download speed is a bit slow.

**[AlvRo's Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19tAZ1KNEUZ58e-4kPJGh947alDb1oyrNpzcnCLk7DEE/pubhtml) (DDL)**

Mr. AlvRo has organized all of his ROM's Download links via [1fichier](https://1fichier.com/) in a Google Spreadsheet, for ease of browsing.

**[PortalRoms Archive](https://krakenfiles.com/view/ti6w9uifUv/file.html) (Torrent)**

Before PortalRoms shut down, one of Ripped's Staff Members made a Backup of all its ROM Downloads.  
*<small><b>If you download any of these Torrents please seed them as long as possible.</b></small>*

**[Ziperto](https://www.ziperto.com) (DDL)**

Nice source for Nintendo and PlayStation ROMs, unfortunately only has those.

**[CiasPara3DS](https://ciaspara3ds.blogspot.com/) (DDL)**

This site is a pretty nice source for 3DS CIA Games, if you're a bit rusty in Spanish you might need to use a Translate Extension.

**[hShop](https://hshop.erista.me/) (DDL)**

You can easily Download 3DS Games by scanning a QR code with the [FBI](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-fbi-open-source-cia-installer.386433/) app.  
*<small>Installing via QR code on the 3DS may be quite slow as the device does not have a good NIC chip.</small>*

**[nsw2u](https://nsw2u.xyz/) (DDL)**

Changes domains frequently, offers NSP / XCI files for Switch Games, with Updates included.

**[CDRomance](https://cdromance.com/) (DDL)**

A Site similar to [Ziperto](https://ziperto.com) which offers more ROMs for different consoles, uploaded directly to the site.

**[Scene CrackHub](http://scene.crackhub.site/) (DDL)**

An Auto Scene Release Uploader Bot that uploads Nintendo Switch titles among other ROMs.

## Emulators

[/emugen/ Wiki](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/) - The **ULTIMATE** guide for all Emulators on all Platforms.  
*<small>Make sure to check with your Emulator [here](https://emulation.gametechwiki.com/index.php/Emulator_files) in case it requires some sort of BIOS or special file to function.</small>*

[**Yuzu EA**](https://pineappleea.github.io/) - Early Access version of [Yuzu](https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu).

Note: As of writing this text, stable PS4/5 or Xbox one / Series emulators do not exist. If you find an app that claims to do that, either it is very unstable or it doesn't do what it says.
<!-- ### to edit
Include ps4/5 etc dont have emulators -->

## Apps

[**qBittorrent**](https://www.qbittorrent.org) | [**Deluge**](https://www.deluge-torrent.org) | [**Transmission**](https://transmissionbt.com/) - Free, Lightweight and open source Torrent Clients.  
*<small>We do not recommend using [µTorrent](https://www.utorrent.com) or [BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/), as it came bundled with Adware, Spyware, and Crypto-Miners in the past [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.trustedreviews.com/news/utorrent-silently-installing-bundled-bitcoin-mining-software-2931825). In its current state, it's Adware and Bloatware. We don't recommend using µTorrent v2.2.1 either due to confirmed Security Exploits.</small>*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBitorrent Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/qbittorrent.md) - A guide for configuring qBitorrent.

[**IDM**](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/) | [**JD2**](https://jdownloader.org/jdownloader2) | [**XDM**](https://xtremedownloadmanager.com/) | [**Motrix**](https://motrix.app/) | [**FDM**](https://www.freedownloadmanager.org/) - Download Managers that can boost Download speeds. Motrix and FDM support Torrenting, XDM is best for capturing downloads from your Browser, and JD2 is best for downloading multiple files simultaneously.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Elephant](https://github.com/meowcateatrat/elephant) - Adds YT-DLP support to FDM, meaning it can download from all [these](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) sites.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[JDownloader 2 Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/jdownloader2.md) - A guide for setting up JDownloader 2.

> <span style="color:orange">**DDL:**</span> Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> <span style="color:orange;">**Torrent:**</span> A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down.
