Literature/e-Books.md, before:

---
title: e-Books
description: Reliable sources to obtain e-Books.
---

<sub>Use an e-Book manager like [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/) to manage and convert your e-Books, it provides a good interface.</sub>

# General E-Books

- [**Anna’s Archive**](https://annas-archive.org/) - Search Engine that indexes a few big libraries including libgen and Z-Lib.
- [**Z-Library**](https://singlelogin.re/) - The Library is also accessible through [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) and [I2P](https://geti2p.net/en/), **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**Library Genesis (.fun)**](https://libgen.fun/) & [**.rs**](https://libgen.rs/) | [**.is**](https://libgen.is/) | [**.st**](https://libgen.st/) - The .fun domain is currently being run by the original owner of libgen whereas the others are independent.
- [**Mobilism (.me)**](https://forum.mobilism.me/viewforum.php?f=106) | [**.org**](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewforum.php?f=106) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**MYWAREZ.ORG**](https://mywarez.org/viewforum.php?f=25) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**The-eye**](https://the-eye.eu/public/Books/) - Many e-Books and calibre libraries.
- [**eBook Hunter**](https://ebook-hunter.org/)
- [**Ebookee**](https://ebookee.com/) 
- [**OceanofPDF**](https://oceanofpdf.com/)
- [**PDF Drive**](https://www.pdfdrive.com/)
- [**My Anonamouse**](https://www.myanonamouse.net/) - Has a lot of content, including niche e-Books and audiobooks. Friendly community and mods. An easy to get into Private Tracker, **_Requires Sign-up_**.  
*<small>Be sure to check our [PT](PTs) page for more info regarding Private Trackers.</small>*
- [**Project Gutenberg**](http://www.gutenberg.org/) - Legally free e-Books.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Audio Books

- [**Mobilism (.me)**](https://forum.mobilism.me/viewforum.php?f=124) | [**.org**](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewforum.php?f=124) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**Galaxy Audiobooks**](https://galaxyaudiobook.com/)
- [**MYWAREZ.ORG**](https://mywarez.org/viewforum.php?f=26) - Audiobooks section of a Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**LibriVox**](https://librivox.org/) - Legally free audiobooks
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Scientific Journals/Technical Manuals

- [**Sci-Hub (.se)**](https://sci-hub.se/) | [**.st**](https://sci-hub.st/) | [**.ru**](https://sci-hub.ru/)  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Sci-Hub X Now!](https://github.com/gchenfc/sci-hub-now) - Opens the Sci-Hub page for the article you want to read.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Zotero Scihub](https://github.com/ethanwillis/zotero-scihub) - Addon for [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org/) and [Juris-M](https://juris-m.github.io/) to automatically download PDFs from Sci-Hub.
- [**SciMag**](https://libgen.rs/scimag/) - Scientific Articles section of LibGen.
- [**Free Full PDF**](https://freefullpdf.com/)
- [**Freetechbooks**](https://www.freetechbooks.com/)
- [**r/Scholar**](https://reddit.com/r/scholar) - If you can't find an article anywhere, you can request it in this subreddit.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Other

- [**Rave Book Search Engine**](https://ravebooksearch.com/?q=%s) - A search engine that indexes many Comic, e-Book and Audiobook sites.
- [**CALISHOT**](https://eng.calishot.xyz/index-eng/summary) - A search engine indexing many open Calibre servers, also has a [Non English Books Section](https://noneng.calishot.xyz/index-not-eng/summary).  
*<small>If the links stop working check [here](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=flair_name%3A%22CALISHOT%22) for updated ones.</small>*
- [**Archive.org**](https://archive.org/details/texts) & [**Open Library**](https://openlibrary.org/) - Has a lot of niche historical content.
- [**Trantor**](https://trantor.is/) - Darkweb e-Book resource.
- [**Flibusta**](https://flibusta.site/) - Russian e-Book site.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Tools
- [**DeDRM**](https://github.com/noDRM/DeDRM_tools) - Tools to be used with [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/) to remove the DRM of e-Books from various retailers.
- [**Bypass Paywalls Clean for Chrome**](https://github.com/bpc-clone/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean) & [Firefox](https://github.com/bpc-clone/bypass-paywalls-firefox-clean) - Bypass News Article paywalls.  
*<small>[Backup site](https://gitflic.ru/project/magnolia1234/bpc_uploads) for updated extension files.</small>*
- [**Unpaywall**](https://unpaywall.org/) Browser Extension: [Chromium](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/unpaywall/iplffkdpngmdjhlpjmppncnlhomiipha) & [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/unpaywall/) - When you view a research article, Unpaywall automatically looks for a copy in its index. If it finds one, click the green tab to read the article.
- [**12ft Ladder**](https://12ft.io/) - Removes clutter from News Articles.  
- [**Open Access Button**](https://openaccessbutton.org/) - Search engine for research articles.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Browser Extension [Chromium](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/open-access-button/gknkbkaapnhpmkcgkmdekdffgcddoiel) & [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/openaccessbutton/)  
- [**Libgen Desktop**](https://wiki.mhut.org/software:libgen_desktop) - Windows application for browsing a local copy of the LibGen catalog.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# IRC

- [**IRChighway.net/eBooks**](irc://irc.irchighway.net:6665/ebooks) - Use this [guide](https://redd.it/2oftbu) or their official [FAQ](http://ebooks.byethost6.com/) to learn how to use the commands.

Commit message:

Updated Information and links for Z-Library
* Updated main domain (singlelogin.re, is down).
* Added TOR Onion Link.
* Add I2P link.
* Changed "Requires Sign-up" to "Limited Access Without Sign-up) since they now allow some downloads without sign-up.

Literature/e-Books.md, after:

---
title: e-Books
description: Reliable sources to obtain e-Books.
---

<sub>Use an e-Book manager like [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/) to manage and convert your e-Books, it provides a good interface.</sub>

# General E-Books

- [**Anna’s Archive**](https://annas-archive.org/) - Search Engine that indexes a few big libraries including libgen and Z-Lib.
- [**Z-Library**](https://z-library.sk) - The Library is also accessible through [Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) ([here](http://bookszlibb74ugqojhzhg2a63w5i2atv5bqarulgczawnbmsb6s6qead.onion)) and [I2P](https://geti2p.net/en/) ([here](https://zlib24th6ptyb4ibzn3tj2cndqafs6rhm4ed4gruxztaaco35lka.b32.i2p)), **_Limited Access Without Sign-up_**.
- [**Library Genesis (.fun)**](https://libgen.fun/) & [**.rs**](https://libgen.rs/) | [**.is**](https://libgen.is/) | [**.st**](https://libgen.st/) - The .fun domain is currently being run by the original owner of libgen whereas the others are independent.
- [**Mobilism (.me)**](https://forum.mobilism.me/viewforum.php?f=106) | [**.org**](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewforum.php?f=106) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**MYWAREZ.ORG**](https://mywarez.org/viewforum.php?f=25) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**The-eye**](https://the-eye.eu/public/Books/) - Many e-Books and calibre libraries.
- [**eBook Hunter**](https://ebook-hunter.org/)
- [**Ebookee**](https://ebookee.com/) 
- [**OceanofPDF**](https://oceanofpdf.com/)
- [**PDF Drive**](https://www.pdfdrive.com/)
- [**My Anonamouse**](https://www.myanonamouse.net/) - Has a lot of content, including niche e-Books and audiobooks. Friendly community and mods. An easy to get into Private Tracker, **_Requires Sign-up_**.  
*<small>Be sure to check our [PT](PTs) page for more info regarding Private Trackers.</small>*
- [**Project Gutenberg**](http://www.gutenberg.org/) - Legally free e-Books.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Audio Books

- [**Mobilism (.me)**](https://forum.mobilism.me/viewforum.php?f=124) | [**.org**](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewforum.php?f=124) - Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**Galaxy Audiobooks**](https://galaxyaudiobook.com/)
- [**MYWAREZ.ORG**](https://mywarez.org/viewforum.php?f=26) - Audiobooks section of a Forum, **_Requires Sign-up_**.
- [**LibriVox**](https://librivox.org/) - Legally free audiobooks
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Scientific Journals/Technical Manuals

- [**Sci-Hub (.se)**](https://sci-hub.se/) | [**.st**](https://sci-hub.st/) | [**.ru**](https://sci-hub.ru/)  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Sci-Hub X Now!](https://github.com/gchenfc/sci-hub-now) - Opens the Sci-Hub page for the article you want to read.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Zotero Scihub](https://github.com/ethanwillis/zotero-scihub) - Addon for [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org/) and [Juris-M](https://juris-m.github.io/) to automatically download PDFs from Sci-Hub.
- [**SciMag**](https://libgen.rs/scimag/) - Scientific Articles section of LibGen.
- [**Free Full PDF**](https://freefullpdf.com/)
- [**Freetechbooks**](https://www.freetechbooks.com/)
- [**r/Scholar**](https://reddit.com/r/scholar) - If you can't find an article anywhere, you can request it in this subreddit.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Other

- [**Rave Book Search Engine**](https://ravebooksearch.com/?q=%s) - A search engine that indexes many Comic, e-Book and Audiobook sites.
- [**CALISHOT**](https://eng.calishot.xyz/index-eng/summary) - A search engine indexing many open Calibre servers, also has a [Non English Books Section](https://noneng.calishot.xyz/index-not-eng/summary).  
*<small>If the links stop working check [here](https://www.reddit.com/search?q=flair_name%3A%22CALISHOT%22) for updated ones.</small>*
- [**Archive.org**](https://archive.org/details/texts) & [**Open Library**](https://openlibrary.org/) - Has a lot of niche historical content.
- [**Trantor**](https://trantor.is/) - Darkweb e-Book resource.
- [**Flibusta**](https://flibusta.site/) - Russian e-Book site.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# Tools
- [**DeDRM**](https://github.com/noDRM/DeDRM_tools) - Tools to be used with [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/) to remove the DRM of e-Books from various retailers.
- [**Bypass Paywalls Clean for Chrome**](https://github.com/bpc-clone/bypass-paywalls-chrome-clean) & [Firefox](https://github.com/bpc-clone/bypass-paywalls-firefox-clean) - Bypass News Article paywalls.  
*<small>[Backup site](https://gitflic.ru/project/magnolia1234/bpc_uploads) for updated extension files.</small>*
- [**Unpaywall**](https://unpaywall.org/) Browser Extension: [Chromium](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/unpaywall/iplffkdpngmdjhlpjmppncnlhomiipha) & [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/unpaywall/) - When you view a research article, Unpaywall automatically looks for a copy in its index. If it finds one, click the green tab to read the article.
- [**12ft Ladder**](https://12ft.io/) - Removes clutter from News Articles.  
- [**Open Access Button**](https://openaccessbutton.org/) - Search engine for research articles.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Browser Extension [Chromium](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/open-access-button/gknkbkaapnhpmkcgkmdekdffgcddoiel) & [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/openaccessbutton/)  
- [**Libgen Desktop**](https://wiki.mhut.org/software:libgen_desktop) - Windows application for browsing a local copy of the LibGen catalog.
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;
# IRC

- [**IRChighway.net/eBooks**](irc://irc.irchighway.net:6665/ebooks) - Use this [guide](https://redd.it/2oftbu) or their official [FAQ](http://ebooks.byethost6.com/) to learn how to use the commands.
