Mobile/Android.md, before:

---
title: Android 
description: List of useful Android mobile apps.
---

## Application stores
[**Mobilism**](https://forum.mobilism.me/) - Trusted Forum for downloading Modded APKs.   
**_Requires Sign-up._**

[**4PDA**](https://4pda.to/forum/) - Russian Forum for downloading Clean & Modded APKs, as well as discussion alike.   
**_Requires Sign-up; Captcha Guide: [#1](https://www.celsoazevedo.com/files/android/how-to-bypass-4pda-captchas/)/[#2](https://doorsgeek.blogspot.com/2015/08/4pdaru-loginregister-captcha-tutorial.html)_**

[**SBenny**](https://forum.sbenny.com) - Another Forum for downloading Modded & Paid APKs. Has a point-based system which you can easily farm.   
**_Requires Sign-up._**

[**APKMirror**](https://www.apkmirror.com/) - Website to download APKs dumped from the Play Store.

[**Aurora Store**](https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore) - Open-source Google Play Store client focused on providing privacy with a modern design.

[**F-Droid**](https://f-droid.org/) - Decentralized store for downloading libre (FOSS) applications. [Material You](https://github.com/Iamlooker/Droid-ify) client for the same.

[**Obtainium**](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium) - App which allows you to install and update different applications directly from their release pages. Supports a lot of sources such as Github, Gitlab, F-Droid, Codeberg etc.

## Browsers
[**Firefox Nightly**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.fenix) | [**Fennec**](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.mozilla.fennec_fdroid) - Nightly and Stable versions of Firefox.
Here's a [Guide](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2020/09/29/expanded-extension-support-in-firefox-for-android-nightly/) to add more extensions to Firefox Nightly.

[**IceRaven**](https://github.com/fork-maintainers/iceraven-browser#iceraven-browser--) - Fork of Firefox which provides additional features, removes Mozilla Telemetry and adds more extensions to the current list, allowing you to make your own too.

[**Mull**](https://divestos.org/pages/our_apps#mull) - Privacy oriented and deblobbed Firefox fork which enables many features upstreamed by the [Tor uplift](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Tor_Uplift) project using preferences from the [arkenfox-user.js](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/) project. Here are [Automated patched builds with OLED dark mode support.](https://github.com/ArtikusHG/Mull-OLEDDark)  

[**Kiwi Browser**](https://kiwibrowser.com/) - Chromium-based Web Browser that supports extensions.

[**Mulch**](https://divestos.org/pages/our_apps#mulch) - Security oriented and hardened web browser based on Chromium, with added patches from the [Vanadium](https://github.com/GrapheneOS/Vanadium) project.

[**FFUpdater**](https://github.com/Tobi823/ffupdater) - App for installing & updating various Firefox-based and Chromium-based browsers, with added automation capabilities.

## Privacy & Security
[**ByeDPI**](https://github.com/dovecoteescapee/ByeDPIAndroid) | [**PowerTunnel**](https://github.com/krlvm/PowerTunnel-Android) - Powerful tools to bypass DPI (Deep Packet Inspection) and censorship. Useful to unblock websites without relying on VPNs.

[**AdAway**](https://adaway.org/) - Open-source mobile ad-blocker with a focus on privacy.          
*<small>This app benefits from having root access.</small>*

[**Bitwarden**](https://github.com/bitwarden/mobile) - Open-source & self-hostable password manager. [Material You](https://github.com/AChep/keyguard-app) client for the same, with better performance and additional features.

[**KeePassDX**](https://github.com/Kunzisoft/KeePassDX) - Open-source password manager forked from [KeePassDroid](https://github.com/bpellin/keepassdroid); allows one to store passwords in an encrypted database locally.

## Optimization
[**Canta**](https://github.com/samolego/Canta/) - Allows you to uninstall (almost) any app from your device, without root access.  
<small>*[Shizuku](https://shizuku.rikka.app/) required.*</small>  

[**Universal Android Debloater**](https://github.com/Universal-Debloater-Alliance/universal-android-debloater-next-generation) - Android Debloater, uses wired ADB to uninstall hidden OEM apps and bloat.  

## File Managers
[**MiXplorer**](https://mixplorer.com/) - Fully-featured Android file manager that supports multiple cloud storages and server protocols.

[**Material Files**](https://github.com/zhanghai/MaterialFiles) - Android file manager with the Material You design, can also be used as an FTP server or an SMB/SFTP client.

[**SD Maid 2/SE**](https://github.com/d4rken-org/sdmaid-se) - Powerful file management tool for Android that specialises in freeing up space and removing unwanted data.   
*<small>SD Maid 2/SE isn't feature complete as it is an in-progress reimagination of [SD Maid](https://github.com/d4rken-org/sdmaid) to work better with newer phones.</small>*

[**Round Sync**](https://roundsync.com/) - Fork of [RCX](https://github.com/xOb/rcx/); an Android port of [Rclone](https://rclone.org/) that has the ability to manage files on several different cloud service providers.

## Video/Music
[**Seal**](https://github.com/JunkFood02/Seal) - Audio/Video Downloader GUI for use with **yt-dlp's [supported platforms](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md)**.  

[**Auxio**](https://github.com/OxygenCobalt/Auxio) - Open-source music player with a fast, reliable UI/UX without the useless features present in other players.  

[**mpv for Android**](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) - Open-source media player that supports a wide variety of media file formats, audio and video codecs, and subtitle types.  

[**VLC for Android**](https://videolan.org/vlc/download-android.html) - Another open-source media player which has the ability to play various media formats, network streams etc. along with other useful features. [Mod](https://t.me/waifupx_official/233) which allows Monet theming for the same.

[**CloudStream**](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream/) - Open-source app for streaming and downloading media along with a fully-fledged extension system.

[**xManager**](https://xmanagerapp.com/) - Manage and install all versions of the Spotify app, unlocking features such as ad-blocking and skipping tracks.

[**Seeker**](https://github.com/jackBonadies/SeekerAndroid) - Open-source [Soulseek](https://slsknet.org/) client for Android which supports various features such as downloading, searching, sharing, messages, chat rooms, port forwarding etc.

[**Murglar**](https://murglar.app/) - Android client for playing and downloading music from services such as Deezer, SoundCloud, VK and Yandex music.  
*<small>Refer to [this](https://rentry.org/firehawk52/) guide for obtaining Deezer ARLs to use with Murglar.</small>*

## Torrenting
[**LibreTorrent**](https://github.com/proninyaroslav/libretorrent) - Open-source Torrent client for Android.  
[**LunaSea**](https://www.lunasea.app/) - Usenet/Torrent manager. Useful for those who utilize seedboxes.

## Mods
[**ReVanced**](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-manager) - Android App patcher that provides patches to popular apps such as YouTube, Twitter and Reddit.    
*<small>It requires the need of a microG client for YouTube and YouTube music if your device does not have root access. At the moment, the most compatible microG manager with ReVanced according to the community is [Vanced MicroG](https://github.com/TeamVanced/VancedMicroG), but it may be replaced in the future.</small>*

[**Aliucord**](https://github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord) - Plugin-based Discord (Kotlin - below 126.21) client mod for Android.  
*<small>Note that Aliucord only supports versions **before the React Native update** (all versions before 126.21)</small>*

[**AyuGram**](https://t.me/ayugramfcm) | [**Nekogram**](https://nekogram.app/download) - Telegram Client with Ghost mode, Message history, disabled ads and more.

## Miscellaneous
[**Lucky Patcher**](https://www.luckypatchers.com/) - Android app modifier which can be used to remove license verification, advertisements, change permissions, unlock in-app purchases etc.  
*<small>This app isn't open source so giving it root access to use some of it's features is your responsibility!</small>*

[**GameGuardian**](https://gameguardian.net/forum/) - A game/cheating app for Android. Similar to Cheat Engine on PC.  
*<small>This app isn't open source so giving it root access to use some of it's features is your responsibility!</small>*

Commit message:

remove mulch, mull, kiwi; add ironfox, cromite

Mobile/Android.md, after:

---
title: Android 
description: List of useful Android mobile apps.
---

## Application stores
[**Mobilism**](https://forum.mobilism.me/) - Trusted Forum for downloading Modded APKs.   
**_Requires Sign-up._**

[**4PDA**](https://4pda.to/forum/) - Russian Forum for downloading Clean & Modded APKs, as well as discussion alike.   
**_Requires Sign-up; Captcha Guide: [#1](https://www.celsoazevedo.com/files/android/how-to-bypass-4pda-captchas/)/[#2](https://doorsgeek.blogspot.com/2015/08/4pdaru-loginregister-captcha-tutorial.html)_**

[**SBenny**](https://forum.sbenny.com) - Another Forum for downloading Modded & Paid APKs. Has a point-based system which you can easily farm.   
**_Requires Sign-up._**

[**APKMirror**](https://www.apkmirror.com/) - Website to download APKs dumped from the Play Store.

[**Aurora Store**](https://gitlab.com/AuroraOSS/AuroraStore) - Open-source Google Play Store client focused on providing privacy with a modern design.

[**F-Droid**](https://f-droid.org/) - Decentralized store for downloading libre (FOSS) applications. [Material You](https://github.com/Iamlooker/Droid-ify) client for the same.

[**Obtainium**](https://github.com/ImranR98/Obtainium) - App which allows you to install and update different applications directly from their release pages. Supports a lot of sources such as Github, Gitlab, F-Droid, Codeberg etc.

## Browsers
[**Firefox Nightly**](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.fenix) | [**Fennec**](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.mozilla.fennec_fdroid) - Nightly and Stable versions of Firefox.
Here's a [Guide](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2020/09/29/expanded-extension-support-in-firefox-for-android-nightly/) to add more extensions to Firefox Nightly.

[**IceRaven**](https://github.com/fork-maintainers/iceraven-browser#iceraven-browser--) - Fork of Firefox which provides additional features, removes Mozilla Telemetry and adds more extensions to the current list, allowing you to make your own too.

[**IronFox](https://ironfoxoss.org/) - Privacy oriented and deblobbed Firefox fork which enables many features upstreamed by the [Tor uplift](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Tor_Uplift) project using preferences from the [arkenfox-user.js](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/) project. Here are [Automated patched builds with OLED dark mode support.](https://github.com/ArtikusHG/Ironfox-OLEDDark)  
<small>Actively maintained fork of now inactive Mull browser.</small>

[**Cromite**](https://github.com/uazo/cromite) - Security oriented and hardened web browser based on Chromium that has an in-built ad-blocker.  
<small>Actively maintained fork of now inactive Bromite browser.</small>

[**FFUpdater**](https://github.com/Tobi823/ffupdater) - App for installing & updating various Firefox-based and Chromium-based browsers, with added automation capabilities.

## Privacy & Security
[**ByeDPI**](https://github.com/dovecoteescapee/ByeDPIAndroid) | [**PowerTunnel**](https://github.com/krlvm/PowerTunnel-Android) - Powerful tools to bypass DPI (Deep Packet Inspection) and censorship. Useful to unblock websites without relying on VPNs.

[**AdAway**](https://adaway.org/) - Open-source mobile ad-blocker with a focus on privacy.          
*<small>This app benefits from having root access.</small>*

[**Bitwarden**](https://github.com/bitwarden/mobile) - Open-source & self-hostable password manager. [Material You](https://github.com/AChep/keyguard-app) client for the same, with better performance and additional features.

[**KeePassDX**](https://github.com/Kunzisoft/KeePassDX) - Open-source password manager forked from [KeePassDroid](https://github.com/bpellin/keepassdroid); allows one to store passwords in an encrypted database locally.

## Optimization
[**Canta**](https://github.com/samolego/Canta/) - Allows you to uninstall (almost) any app from your device, without root access.  
<small>*[Shizuku](https://shizuku.rikka.app/) required.*</small>  

[**Universal Android Debloater**](https://github.com/Universal-Debloater-Alliance/universal-android-debloater-next-generation) - Android Debloater, uses wired ADB to uninstall hidden OEM apps and bloat.  

## File Managers
[**MiXplorer**](https://mixplorer.com/) - Fully-featured Android file manager that supports multiple cloud storages and server protocols.

[**Material Files**](https://github.com/zhanghai/MaterialFiles) - Android file manager with the Material You design, can also be used as an FTP server or an SMB/SFTP client.

[**SD Maid 2/SE**](https://github.com/d4rken-org/sdmaid-se) - Powerful file management tool for Android that specialises in freeing up space and removing unwanted data.   
*<small>SD Maid 2/SE isn't feature complete as it is an in-progress reimagination of [SD Maid](https://github.com/d4rken-org/sdmaid) to work better with newer phones.</small>*

[**Round Sync**](https://roundsync.com/) - Fork of [RCX](https://github.com/xOb/rcx/); an Android port of [Rclone](https://rclone.org/) that has the ability to manage files on several different cloud service providers.

## Video/Music
[**Seal**](https://github.com/JunkFood02/Seal) - Audio/Video Downloader GUI for use with **yt-dlp's [supported platforms](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md)**.  

[**Auxio**](https://github.com/OxygenCobalt/Auxio) - Open-source music player with a fast, reliable UI/UX without the useless features present in other players.  

[**mpv for Android**](https://github.com/mpv-android/mpv-android) - Open-source media player that supports a wide variety of media file formats, audio and video codecs, and subtitle types.  

[**VLC for Android**](https://videolan.org/vlc/download-android.html) - Another open-source media player which has the ability to play various media formats, network streams etc. along with other useful features. [Mod](https://t.me/waifupx_official/233) which allows Monet theming for the same.

[**CloudStream**](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream/) - Open-source app for streaming and downloading media along with a fully-fledged extension system.

[**xManager**](https://xmanagerapp.com/) - Manage and install all versions of the Spotify app, unlocking features such as ad-blocking and skipping tracks.

[**Seeker**](https://github.com/jackBonadies/SeekerAndroid) - Open-source [Soulseek](https://slsknet.org/) client for Android which supports various features such as downloading, searching, sharing, messages, chat rooms, port forwarding etc.

[**Murglar**](https://murglar.app/) - Android client for playing and downloading music from services such as Deezer, SoundCloud, VK and Yandex music.  
*<small>Refer to [this](https://rentry.org/firehawk52/) guide for obtaining Deezer ARLs to use with Murglar.</small>*

## Torrenting
[**LibreTorrent**](https://github.com/proninyaroslav/libretorrent) - Open-source Torrent client for Android.  
[**LunaSea**](https://www.lunasea.app/) - Usenet/Torrent manager. Useful for those who utilize seedboxes.

## Mods
[**ReVanced**](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-manager) - Android App patcher that provides patches to popular apps such as YouTube, Twitter and Reddit.    
*<small>It requires the need of a microG client for YouTube and YouTube music if your device does not have root access. At the moment, the most compatible microG manager with ReVanced according to the community is [Vanced MicroG](https://github.com/TeamVanced/VancedMicroG), but it may be replaced in the future.</small>*

[**Aliucord**](https://github.com/Aliucord/Aliucord) - Plugin-based Discord (Kotlin - below 126.21) client mod for Android.  
*<small>Note that Aliucord only supports versions **before the React Native update** (all versions before 126.21)</small>*

[**AyuGram**](https://t.me/ayugramfcm) | [**Nekogram**](https://nekogram.app/download) - Telegram Client with Ghost mode, Message history, disabled ads and more.

## Miscellaneous
[**Lucky Patcher**](https://www.luckypatchers.com/) - Android app modifier which can be used to remove license verification, advertisements, change permissions, unlock in-app purchases etc.  
*<small>This app isn't open source so giving it root access to use some of it's features is your responsibility!</small>*

[**GameGuardian**](https://gameguardian.net/forum/) - A game/cheating app for Android. Similar to Cheat Engine on PC.  
*<small>This app isn't open source so giving it root access to use some of it's features is your responsibility!</small>*
