Mobile/iOS.md, before:

---
title: iOS 
description: List of useful iOS mobile apps.
---

## Jailbreaks
[**Dopamine**](https://ellekit.space/dopamine/) - Jailbreak for iOS devices running up to iOS 15.4.1, allowing users to install third-party apps outside of the App Store.

[**palera1n**](https://palera.in/) - Jailbreak for iOS devices using the A8-A11 chips (iPhone 6 to iPhone X) on iOS 15.0-16.5 using the checkm8 exploit.

## Third-Party App Stores
[**AltStore**](https://altstore.io/) - Alternative app store for non-jailbroken iOS devices. Requires a computer that is available weekly due to the expiration limit.

[**TrollStore**](https://github.com/opa334/TrollStore) - Permasigned jailed app that can permanently sign any IPA, only supported up to iOS 15.6 beta 5.

[**Sideloadly**](https://sideloadly.io/) - Simple installer of ipa files for non-jailbroken iOS devices. Requires a computer.  

# YouTube Clients
[**uYouPlus**](https://github.com/qnblackcat/uYouPlus) - iOS YouTube client including YouPiP, iSponsorBlock, video downloading, removed ads and many more features.

[**YouTubeRebornPlus**](https://github.com/arichorn/YouTubeRebornPlus) - Fork of YouTube Reborn for non-jailbroken devices with even more features.  

## Discord Clients
[**Vendetta**](https://github.com/vendetta-mod/Vendetta) - Cross-platform plugin-based Discord client mod.  

[**Enmity**](https://enmity.app/) - Plugin-based Discord mod for iOS.

Commit message:

Add Sidestore and replace jailbreaks with iOS guide

Mobile/iOS.md, after:

---
title: iOS 
description: List of useful iOS mobile apps.
---

## Jailbreak

[**iOS Guide**](https://ios.cfw.guide/) - A complete iOS modding guide, from stock to jailbroken.  

## Third-Party App Stores
[**SideStore**](https://sidestore.io/) - Fork of AltStore which only asks for an Internet connection, no PC required.  
[**AltStore**](https://altstore.io/) - Alternative App Store for non-jailbroken iOS devices. Requires a PC hosting AltServer due to Apple's account limits.  

[**TrollStore**](https://github.com/opa334/TrollStore) - Permasigned jailed app that can permanently sign any IPA, only supported up to iOS 15.6 beta 5.

[**Sideloadly**](https://sideloadly.io/) - Simple installer of ipa files for non-jailbroken iOS devices. Requires a PC.  

# YouTube Clients
[**uYouPlus**](https://github.com/qnblackcat/uYouPlus) - iOS YouTube client including YouPiP, iSponsorBlock, video downloading, removed ads and many more features.

[**YouTubeRebornPlus**](https://github.com/arichorn/YouTubeRebornPlus) - Fork of YouTube Reborn for non-jailbroken devices with even more features.  

## Discord Clients
[**Vendetta**](https://github.com/vendetta-mod/Vendetta) - Cross-platform plugin-based Discord client mod.  

[**Enmity**](https://enmity.app/) - Plugin-based Discord mod for iOS.
