Utilities/Leaks.md, before:

---
title: Accounts & Leaks
description: Sources for Leaks, Account Generators and more.
---

<sub>*Use the tools in the <a target="_self" href="/Utilities/Misc">Misc</a> page to bypass shorteners and wait times.*</sub>

# Accounts 

[**Leak.sx**](https://leak.sx) - Account Leecher with lists of publicly available Account Pastebins.  
**_Use an AdBlocker._**  

[**Leak Zone**](https://leakzone.net/Forum-Accounts) - Forums with an Account Leaks category, only get Accounts and __NOTHING ELSE__.  
**_Requires Sign-Up._**  
*<small>You might need to like and reply to a post to get access to some content.</small>*

[**Sellthing**](https://sellthing.co/generator) - Dispenses many types of Accounts and Proxies with full details about them.  
**_Requires Sign-Up._**  
*<small>It is <b>recommended</b> to Sign-Up with an alternate e-Mail, Username & Password as this Dispenser isn't fully safe.</small>*

[**The Altening**](https://thealtening.com/free/free-minecraft-alts) - Minecraft Token Dispenser, needs an external app for the "Accounts" to work. 

# Paid Content Leaks

[**Kemono**](https://kemono.su/) & [**Coomer**](https://coomer.su/) - The successors to yiff.party, they have Leaks for sites like Patreon, OnlyFans and more which are all user-submitted with an automated process.  

[**SimpCity**](https://simpcity.su) | [**PornLeaks**](https://pornleaks.in/) - Sites dedicated to posting Leaks of Pornstars.  
**_Use an AdBlocker._**

Commit message:

Add Leak.Date to Leaks section
Leak.Date is a clean, ad-free site offering daily updated accounts for streaming, VPN, games, and more. Includes Steam Dispenser and blog.

Utilities/Leaks.md, after:

---
title: Accounts & Leaks
description: Sources for Leaks, Account Generators and more.
---

<sub>*Use the tools in the <a target="_self" href="/Utilities/Misc">Misc</a> page to bypass shorteners and wait times.*</sub>

# Accounts 

[**Leak.sx**](https://leak.sx) - Account Leecher with lists of publicly available Account Pastebins.  
**_Use an AdBlocker._**  

[**Leak Zone**](https://leakzone.net/Forum-Accounts) - Forums with an Account Leaks category, only get Accounts and __NOTHING ELSE__.  
**_Requires Sign-Up._**  
*<small>You might need to like and reply to a post to get access to some content.</small>*

[**Sellthing**](https://sellthing.co/generator) - Dispenses many types of Accounts and Proxies with full details about them.  
**_Requires Sign-Up._**  
*<small>It is <b>recommended</b> to Sign-Up with an alternate e-Mail, Username & Password as this Dispenser isn't fully safe.</small>*

[**The Altening**](https://thealtening.com/free/free-minecraft-alts) - Minecraft Token Dispenser, needs an external app for the "Accounts" to work. 

[**Leak.Date**](https://leak.date) – Daily updated leaked accounts for streaming, gaming, VPN, email, and social platforms.  
**_Ad-free, clean interface with smart filters and Steam Dispenser._**

# Paid Content Leaks

[**Kemono**](https://kemono.su/) & [**Coomer**](https://coomer.su/) - The successors to yiff.party, they have Leaks for sites like Patreon, OnlyFans and more which are all user-submitted with an automated process.  

[**SimpCity**](https://simpcity.su) | [**PornLeaks**](https://pornleaks.in/) - Sites dedicated to posting Leaks of Pornstars.  
**_Use an AdBlocker._**
