PC/Operating Systems/Linux.md, before:

---
title: Linux
description: Software & tutorials for Linux
---
# Gaming 

[**1337x.to | johncena141's linux releases**](https://1337x.to/user/johncena141/) - A trusted uploader who posts Windows games that are ready to play native/using WINE.

[**ProtonUp-Qt**](https://davidotek.github.io/protonup-qt/) - An application which easily lets you install custom versions of Steam Proton. Makes it significantly easier to use applications such as Wine or Bottles which require custom versions of Proton.

[**Lutris**](https://lutris.net/) - An open-source game launcher including hundreads of game install scripts.  
[**Heroic Games Launcher**](https://heroicgameslauncher.com/) - An open-source alternative to Epic Games launcher.

[**ProtonDB**](https://www.protondb.com/) - A community database to grade compatibility with Windows games on Linux.

[**Are We Anti-Cheat Yet?**](https://areweanticheatyet.com/) - A comprehensive and crowd-sourced list of games using anti-cheats and their compatibility with GNU/Linux or Wine/Proton.

# Software 

[**Bottles**](https://usebottles.com/) - An open-source application for managing Windows programs on Linux.

[**Awesome Linux Software**](https://luong-komorebi.github.io/Awesome-Linux-Software) & [**Awesome Linux Software v2**](https://www.fossmint.com/awesome-linux-software) - A collection of Linux applications and tools for any Users/Developers.

[**KDE Connect**](https://kdeconnect.kde.org/) - Powerful application to integrate your phone with your computer and vice-versa allowing sharing files and more.

[**Kdenlive**](https://kdenlive.org/en/) - Open source free video editor.

[**Open Broadcaster Software (OBS)**](https://obsproject.com/) - Open source application for streaming and recording.

# Informative

[**Guide on how to begin Gaming on Linux.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxCrackSupport/wiki/index/steamdeck/)

# Communities 

[**r/LinuxCrackSupport**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxCrackSupport/wiki/index) - A Wiki for Linux gaming & piracy.  
[**r/linux_gaming**](https://www.reddit.com/r/linux_gaming/) - A subreddit for informative and interesting gaming content, news and discussions.

Commit message:

moved existing stuff to the right category and added gimp image editor

PC/Operating Systems/Linux.md, after:

---
title: Linux
description: Software & tutorials for Linux
---
# Gaming 

[**1337x.to | johncena141's linux releases**](https://1337x.to/user/johncena141/) - A trusted uploader who posts Windows games that are ready to play natively/using WINE.

[**ProtonUp-Qt**](https://davidotek.github.io/protonup-qt/) - An application which easily lets you install custom versions of Steam Proton. Makes it significantly easier to use applications such as Wine or Bottles which require custom versions of Proton.

[**Lutris**](https://lutris.net/) - An open-source game launcher including hundreds of game install scripts.  
[**Heroic Games Launcher**](https://heroicgameslauncher.com/) - An open-source alternative to Epic Games launcher.

# Software 

[**Bottles**](https://usebottles.com/) - An open-source application for managing Windows programs on Linux.

[**KDE Connect**](https://kdeconnect.kde.org/) - Powerful application to integrate your phone with your computer and vice-versa allowing sharing files and more.

[**Kdenlive**](https://kdenlive.org/en/) - Open source free video editor.

[**GIMP**](https://www.gimp.org/) - Open-source free image editor.

[**Open Broadcaster Software (OBS)**](https://obsproject.com/) - Open source application for streaming and recording.

# Informative

[**Guide on how to begin Gaming on Linux.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxCrackSupport/wiki/index/steamdeck/)  

[**ProtonDB**](https://www.protondb.com/) - A community database to grade compatibility with Windows games on Linux.  
[**Are We Anti-Cheat Yet?**](https://areweanticheatyet.com/) - A comprehensive and crowd-sourced list of games using anti-cheats and their compatibility with GNU/Linux or Wine/Proton.

[**Awesome Linux Software**](https://luong-komorebi.github.io/Awesome-Linux-Software) & [**Awesome Linux Software v2**](https://www.fossmint.com/awesome-linux-software) - A collection of Linux applications and tools for any Users/Developers.

# Communities 

[**r/LinuxCrackSupport**](https://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxCrackSupport/wiki/index) - A Wiki for Linux gaming & piracy.  
[**r/linux_gaming**](https://www.reddit.com/r/linux_gaming/) - A subreddit for informative and interesting gaming content, news and discussions.  
**Do __NOT__ use any of these Wikis for Software/Game sites. Use ours instead.**
