Audio/music.md, before:

---
title: Music
description: List of sources for getting all genres of Music.
---
# Websites

[**Free MP3 Download**](https://free-mp3-download.net/) - Fetches tracks from Deezer, letting you download them in the highest quality without needing a subscription.  

[**YtmDL Web**](https://ytmdl.deepjyoti30.dev/) - Best looking and performing online YouTube music downloader.

[**RuTracker**](https://rutracker.org) - Russian tracker with a lot of Unknown or Foreign Music.  
**_Requires Sign-up._**  

[**SoftArchive**](https://sanet.st/music/) - SoftArchive's Music Section, has many different Albums you might not find elsewhere.

[**Hikarinoakariost**](https://hikarinoakari.com/) | [**Sukidesuost**](https://sukidesuost.info/) | [**Nyaa**](https://nyaa.si/?c=2_0) - Very good and reliable sources to get mainly Anisons from, but also other Asian Music as well. They use friendly file hosters except Nyaa, it uses Torrents instead.

[**Unreleased Disco**](https://unreleased.me/) - Huge archive of Unreleased Hip-Hop/Pop Songs from various Artists. They also have a Weekly folder found [here](https://unreleased.me/updates).   
<sub>Their Links may often be down, for more info and for new big releases, check their [Subreddit](https://UnreleasedDisco.reddit.com).</sub>

# Tools

[**SoulseekQT**](https://www.slsknet.org/) - P2P Music Sharing Client, can have some niche and hard to find music.     
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - A graphical client for Soulseek that is frequently updated unlike Soulseek.

[**Deemix**](https://deemix.app) & [**d-fi**](https://notabug.org/sayem314/d-fi) - Deezer downloaders. Deemix can convert Spotify playlists into Deezer playlists to download them while d-fi has Tidal support on top of that. They can download up to 128 kb/s quality with a free acount.  
**_For higher quality downloads, a paid Deezer account is required._**

[**Qobuz-DL**](https://github.com/vitiko98/qobuz-dl) - Qobuz downloader. Supports downloads of last.fm, Spotify and Apple music playlists through Qobuz.   
**_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  

[**Tidal-Media-Downloader**](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader) - Tidal downloader in CLI. A [GUI](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO) version also exists. General [guide](https://yaronzz.com/post/tidal_dl_installation/) for installation (guide for Tidal-gui is outdated).   
**_Requires a paid Tidal account._** 

[**streamrip**](https://github.com/nathom/streamrip) - A Scriptable Music Downloader for Qobuz, Tidal, SoundCloud, and Deezer. Supports downloads of Spotify and Apple Music playlists through last.fm.  
**_Requires a paid Qobuz/Tidal/Deezer account._**    
[**OrpheusDL**](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl) - Music downloading client.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Tidal](https://github.com/Dniel97/orpheusdl-tidal) - Tidal Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Tidal account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Qobuz](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-qobuz) - Qobuz Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Deezer](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-deezer) - Deezer Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Deezer account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-SoundCloud](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-soundcloud) - SoundCloud Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid SoundCloud account to download high quality._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Napster](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-napster) - Napster Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Napster account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Musixmatch](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-musixmatch) - Musixmatch Lyrics Downloader plugin.  

**[SpotX](https://github.com/amd64fox/SpotX)** & [**BlockTheSpot**](https://github.com/mrpond/BlockTheSpot) - Multi-purpose AdBlockers and skip-bypasses for the Windows Spotify Desktop application.

# Communities

[**Slav Art**](https://slavart.gamesdrive.net) - Allows downloading tracks from Qobuz.  
Their Discord Server has many [bots](https://github.com/crackhub-dev/music-dl-bot) that can download from Qobuz, Tidal, Deezer, Soundcloud, Spotify in full Quality and can also download from Apple Music in 256kbps AAC. They allow community music requesting/sharing.  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**SquidBoard**](https://squid-board.org) - A forum for sharing and requesting any type of music including Game OSTs, Anime OSTs, TV music and more.   
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

[**Doujin Café**](https://discord.gg/doujincafe) - The source of nearly all doujin rips online.  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**r/xTrill**](https://xTrill.reddit.com) - A Subreddit for requesting and sharing Music.

[**RipRequestsNew**](https://yayeet.org) - The forum of r/RipRequestsNew, the successor of r/RipRequests after it got shut down. They allow requesting and sharing music.  
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

# Misc

[**Morris Motel**](https://morrismotel.com/tag/music-piracy/) - Have some guides relating to ripping from Deezer such as generating Hi-Fi ARLs etc. previously known as [r/FreeDeezerARL](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com).

[**Spek**](http://spek.cc/) - Cross-platform GUI spectral creation program with easy drag and drop. Beginner-friendly but spectograms are not as detailed/clear as SoX. 

[**SoX**](http://sox.sourceforge.net/) - Cross-platform CLI Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs, generates clean high quality spectograms with loads of additional features like collaging multiple spectograms and even applying various effects to these sound files. First time users may be confused by the [vast features](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Docs/Features) and are hence recommended to read the documentation once.

[**hey-bro-check-log**](https://github.com/doujincafe/hbcl) - A CLI log checker maintained by Doujin Café Discord. Forked from the official [hbcl](https://github.com/ligh7s/hey-bro-check-log) repository. 

[**CUETools**](http://cue.tools/wiki/CUETools) - CUETools is a tool for lossless audio/CUE sheet format conversion. The goal is to make sure the album image is preserved accurately.

Commit message:

add tunemymusic and slavart matrix server

Audio/music.md, after:

---
title: Music
description: List of sources for getting all genres of Music.
---
# Websites

[**Free MP3 Download**](https://free-mp3-download.net/) - Fetches tracks from Deezer, letting you download them in the highest quality without needing a subscription.  

[**YtmDL Web**](https://ytmdl.deepjyoti30.dev/) - Best looking and performing online YouTube music downloader.

[**RuTracker**](https://rutracker.org) - Russian tracker with a lot of Unknown or Foreign Music.  
**_Requires Sign-up._**  

[**SoftArchive**](https://sanet.st/music/) - SoftArchive's Music Section, has many different Albums you might not find elsewhere.

[**Hikarinoakariost**](https://hikarinoakari.com/) | [**Sukidesuost**](https://sukidesuost.info/) | [**Nyaa**](https://nyaa.si/?c=2_0) - Very good and reliable sources to get mainly Anisons from, but also other Asian Music as well. They use friendly file hosters except Nyaa, it uses Torrents instead.

[**Unreleased Disco**](https://unreleased.me/) - Huge archive of Unreleased Hip-Hop/Pop Songs from various Artists. They also have a Weekly folder found [here](https://unreleased.me/updates).   
<sub>Their Links may often be down, for more info and for new big releases, check their [Subreddit](https://UnreleasedDisco.reddit.com).</sub>

# Tools

[**SoulseekQT**](https://www.slsknet.org/) - P2P Music Sharing Client, can have some niche and hard to find music.     
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - A graphical client for Soulseek that is frequently updated unlike Soulseek.

[**Deemix**](https://deemix.app) & [**d-fi**](https://notabug.org/sayem314/d-fi) - Deezer downloaders. Deemix can convert Spotify playlists into Deezer playlists to download them while d-fi has Tidal support on top of that. They can download up to 128 kb/s quality with a free acount.  
**_For higher quality downloads, a paid Deezer account is required._**

[**Qobuz-DL**](https://github.com/vitiko98/qobuz-dl) - Qobuz downloader. Supports downloads of last.fm, Spotify and Apple music playlists through Qobuz.   
**_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  

[**Tidal-Media-Downloader**](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader) - Tidal downloader in CLI. A [GUI](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO) version also exists. General [guide](https://yaronzz.com/post/tidal_dl_installation/) for installation (guide for Tidal-gui is outdated).   
**_Requires a paid Tidal account._** 

[**streamrip**](https://github.com/nathom/streamrip) - A Scriptable Music Downloader for Qobuz, Tidal, SoundCloud, and Deezer. Supports downloads of Spotify and Apple Music playlists through last.fm.  
**_Requires a paid Qobuz/Tidal/Deezer account._**    
[**OrpheusDL**](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl) - Music downloading client.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Tidal](https://github.com/Dniel97/orpheusdl-tidal) - Tidal Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Tidal account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Qobuz](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-qobuz) - Qobuz Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Deezer](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-deezer) - Deezer Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Deezer account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-SoundCloud](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-soundcloud) - SoundCloud Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid SoundCloud account to download high quality._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Napster](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-napster) - Napster Downloader plugin. **_Requires a paid Napster account._**  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Musixmatch](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-musixmatch) - Musixmatch Lyrics Downloader plugin.  

**[SpotX](https://github.com/amd64fox/SpotX)** & [**BlockTheSpot**](https://github.com/mrpond/BlockTheSpot) - Multi-purpose AdBlockers and skip-bypasses for the Windows Spotify Desktop application.

# Communities

[**Slav Art**](https://slavart.gamesdrive.net) - Allows downloading tracks from Qobuz.  
Their Discord and Matrix Server have many [bots](https://github.com/crackhub-dev/music-dl-bot) that can download from Qobuz, TIDAL, Deezer, Soundcloud, Spotify, Apple Music, JioSaavn and YouTube Music. They allow community music requesting/sharing.  
<sub>Their [Matrix Server](https://matrix.to/#/#slav-art:matrix.crackhub.site) with same functionality as their Discord Server.</sub>  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**SquidBoard**](https://squid-board.org) - A forum for sharing and requesting any type of music including Game OSTs, Anime OSTs, TV music and more.   
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

[**Doujin Café**](https://discord.gg/doujincafe) - The source of nearly all doujin rips online.  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**r/xTrill**](https://xTrill.reddit.com) - A Subreddit for requesting and sharing Music.

[**RipRequestsNew**](https://yayeet.org) - The forum of r/RipRequestsNew, the successor of r/RipRequests after it got shut down. They allow requesting and sharing music.  
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

# Misc

[**Morris Motel**](https://morrismotel.com/tag/music-piracy/) - Have some guides relating to ripping from Deezer such as generating Hi-Fi ARLs etc. previously known as [r/FreeDeezerARL](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com).

[**Spek**](http://spek.cc/) - Cross-platform GUI spectral creation program with easy drag and drop. Beginner-friendly but spectograms are not as detailed/clear as SoX. 

[**SoX**](http://sox.sourceforge.net/) - Cross-platform CLI Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs, generates clean high quality spectograms with loads of additional features like collaging multiple spectograms and even applying various effects to these sound files. First time users may be confused by the [vast features](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Docs/Features) and are hence recommended to read the documentation once.

[**hey-bro-check-log**](https://github.com/doujincafe/hbcl) - A CLI log checker maintained by Doujin Café Discord. Forked from the official [hbcl](https://github.com/ligh7s/hey-bro-check-log) repository. 

[**CUETools**](http://cue.tools/wiki/CUETools) - CUETools is a tool for lossless audio/CUE sheet format conversion. The goal is to make sure the album image is preserved accurately.  

[**Tune My Music**](https://www.tunemymusic.com/) - Transfer your music library from any music service to any other you want. Support Spotify, TIDAL, Apple Music, YouTube, Amazon Music, Pandora and many more.
