Audio/Music.md, before:

---
title: Music
description: List of sources for getting all genres of Music.
---
# Websites

[**Free MP3 Download**](https://free-mp3-download.net/) - Fetches tracks from Deezer, letting you download them in the highest quality without needing a subscription.  

[**YtmDL Web**](https://ytmdl.deepjyoti30.dev/) - Best looking and performing online YouTube music downloader.

[**DoubleDouble**](https://doubledouble.top/) - Universal Audio Streaming service Downloader with some extra unrelated features.

[**RuTracker**](https://rutracker.org) - Russian tracker with a lot of Unknown or Foreign Music.  
**_Requires Sign-up._**  

[**SoftArchive**](https://sanet.st/music/) - SoftArchive's Music Section, has many different Albums you might not find elsewhere.

[**KHInsider**](https://downloads.khinsider.com/) - Offers plenty of Video Game Soundtracks and Game audio rips. But audio quality tends to be extremely low.

[**Hikarinoakariost**](https://hikarinoakari.com/) | [**Sukidesuost**](https://sukidesuost.info/) | [**Nyaa**](https://nyaa.si/?c=2_0) - Very good and reliable sources to get mainly Anisons from, but also other Asian Music as well. They use friendly file hosters except Nyaa, it uses Torrents instead.  
[**AnimeThemes**](https://animethemes.moe) | [**Themes.moe**](https://themes.moe) - A huge collection of Ending/Opening Themes for Anime. Right click to download the Audio/Video.

[**Unreleased Disco**](https://unreleased.me/) - Huge archive of Unreleased Hip-Hop/Pop Songs from various Artists. They also have a Weekly folder found [here](https://unreleased.me/updates).   
*<small>Their Links may often be down, for more info and for new big releases, check their [Subreddit](https://UnreleasedDisco.reddit.com).</small>*

# Tools

[**SoulseekQT**](https://www.slsknet.org/) - P2P Music Sharing Client, can have some niche and hard to find music.     
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - A graphical client for Soulseek that is frequently updated unlike Soulseek and has added features.

[**Deemix**](https://deemix.app) & [**d-fi**](https://notabug.org/sayem314/d-fi) - Deezer downloaders. Deemix can convert Spotify playlists into Deezer playlists to download. d-fi on top of being able to download directly from Deezer, it can also accept Spotify or Tidal song links to download them from Deezer. They can download up to 128 kb/s quality with a free acount.  
**_For higher quality downloads, a paid Deezer account is required._**

[**Qobuz-DL**](https://github.com/vitiko98/qobuz-dl) - Qobuz downloader. Supports downloads of last.fm, Spotify and Apple music playlists through Qobuz.   
**_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  

[**Tidal-Media-Downloader**](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader) - Tidal downloader in CLI. General [guide](https://yaronzz.com/post/tidal_dl_installation/) for installation (guide for Tidal-gui is outdated).  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO) - GUI version.  
**_Both require a paid Tidal account._**  

[**SCDL**](https://github.com/flyingrub/scdl) - SoundCloud Music downloader, can set id3tags to downloaded music too.

[**streamrip**](https://github.com/nathom/streamrip) - A Scriptable Music downloader for Qobuz, Tidal, SoundCloud, and Deezer. Supports downloads of Spotify and Apple Music playlists through last.fm.  
**_Requires a paid Qobuz/Tidal/Deezer account._**    
[**OrpheusDL**](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl) - Music downloading client.  
*__All plugins listed below require a paid account in their respective platforms except Musixmatch.__*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Tidal](https://github.com/Dniel97/orpheusdl-tidal) - Tidal downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Qobuz](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-qobuz) - Qobuz downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Deezer](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-deezer) - Deezer downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-SoundCloud](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-soundcloud) - SoundCloud downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Napster](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-napster) - Napster downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Musixmatch](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-musixmatch) - Musixmatch Lyrics downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-KKBox](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-kkbox) - KKBox downloader plugin.

[**Zotify**](https://gitlab.com/team-zotify/zotify) - A highly customizable music and podcast downloader for Spotify.  
*<small>This tool downloads songs directly from Spotify. Use a burner account.</small>*  
[**spotDL**](https://github.com/spotDL/spotify-downloader) - Download your Spotify playlists and songs along with album art and metadata fetched from YouTube.  
*<small>This tool does not download songs directly from Spotify.</small>*

**[SpotX](https://github.com/orgs/SpotX-CLI/repositories)** - Block video, audio and banner ads on Spotify, also unlocks some Premium and Experimental features.

[**YT-DLP**](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - Can download from over 1500 sites including: Crunchyroll, Funimation, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, PornHub and more. [Link](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) to all supported sites.  
*<small>Actively maintained fork of the popular YouTube Downloader [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/) with more functionality.</small>*

[**dzunlock**](https://git.uhwot.cf/uhwot/dzunlock) - A browser UserScript that allows up to Hi-Fi streaming on Deezer.

# Communities

[**Slav Art**](https://slavart.gamesdrive.net) - Allows downloading tracks from Qobuz.  
Their [Divolt Server](https://slavart.divolt.xyz) on the other hand, has multiple [bots](https://github.com/crackhub-dev/music-dl-bot) that can download from Qobuz, TIDAL, Deezer, Soundcloud, Spotify, Apple Music, JioSaavn and YouTube Music. They allow community music requesting/sharing.  
*<small>[Info](https://rentry.org/selfhosted-divolt) regarding Divolt and how it compares to [Revolt](https://revolt.chat/).</small>*

[**SquidBoard**](https://squid-board.org) - A forum for sharing and requesting any type of music including Game OSTs, Anime OSTs, TV music and more.   
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

[**Doujin Café**](https://discord.gg/doujincafe) - The source of nearly all doujin rips online.  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**r/xTrill**](https://xTrill.reddit.com) - A Subreddit for requesting and sharing Music.

[**r/MusicHoarder**](https://musichoarder.reddit.com) - A SubReddit for general Music enthusiasts, they allow requesting and sharing Music. Check their [Wiki](https://reddit.com/r/musichoarder/wiki/index) for some useful information.

# Misc

[**THE MEGA MUSIC RIPPING GUIDE**](https://ori5000.github.io/musicripping.html) - A music ripping guide for various platforms by Esoteria Avenue.

[**Morris Motel**](https://morrismotel.com/tag/music-piracy/) - Have some guides relating to ripping from Deezer such as generating Hi-Fi ARLs etc., launched after the initial shutdown of [r/FreeDeezerARL](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com), but are currently not assocaited with them.   
*<small>They share premium Deezer ARLs (used for ripping music with <a target="_self" href="#tools">Ripping Tools</a>) on their [Matrix Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#morrismotel:morrismotel.com).</small>*  
**Site currently shows offline but will come back**.  

[**r/FreeDeezerARL**](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com) - They share Deezer ARLs (used for ripping music with <a target="_self" href="#tools">Ripping Tools</a>) they also have a Discord Server. Used to be dead until the owner decided to return.

[**Spek**](http://spek.cc/) - Cross-platform GUI spectral creation program with easy drag and drop. Beginner-friendly but spectograms are not as detailed/clear as SoX. 

[**SoX**](http://sox.sourceforge.net/) - Cross-platform CLI Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs, generates clean high quality spectograms with loads of additional features like collaging multiple spectograms and even applying various effects to these sound files. First time users may be confused by the [vast features](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Docs/Features) and are hence recommended to read the documentation once.

[**hey-bro-check-log**](https://github.com/doujincafe/hbcl) - A CLI log checker maintained by Doujin Café Discord. Forked from the official [hbcl](https://github.com/ligh7s/hey-bro-check-log) repository. 

[**CUETools**](http://cue.tools/wiki/CUETools) - CUETools is a tool for lossless audio/CUE sheet format conversion. The goal is to make sure the album image is preserved accurately.  

[**Tune My Music**](https://www.tunemymusic.com/) - Transfer your music library from any music service to any other you want. Supports Spotify, TIDAL, Apple Music, YouTube, Amazon Music, Pandora and many more.

Commit message:

late news but doubledouble back and deemix dead

Audio/Music.md, after:

---
title: Music
description: List of sources for getting all genres of Music.
---
# Websites

[**Free MP3 Download**](https://free-mp3-download.net/) - Fetches tracks from Deezer, letting you download them in the highest quality without needing a subscription. 

[**DoubleDouble**](https://doubledouble.top/) - Music Downloader for Spotify, Soundcloud, Qobuz, Deezer, Tidal, and YouTube Music. Downloads for Spotify will be auto transcoded to MP3.

[**YtmDL Web**](https://ytmdl.deepjyoti30.dev/) - Best looking and performing online YouTube music downloader.

[**RuTracker**](https://rutracker.org) - Russian tracker with a lot of Unknown or Foreign Music.  
**_Requires Sign-up._**  

[**SoftArchive**](https://sanet.st/music/) - SoftArchive's Music Section, has many different Albums you might not find elsewhere.

[**KHInsider**](https://downloads.khinsider.com/) - Offers plenty of Video Game Soundtracks and Game audio rips. But audio quality tends to be extremely low.

[**Hikarinoakariost**](https://hikarinoakari.com/) | [**Sukidesuost**](https://sukidesuost.info/) | [**Nyaa**](https://nyaa.si/?c=2_0) - Very good and reliable sources to get mainly Anisons from, but also other Asian Music as well. They use friendly file hosters except Nyaa, it uses Torrents instead.  
[**AnimeThemes**](https://animethemes.moe) | [**Themes.moe**](https://themes.moe) - A huge collection of Ending/Opening Themes for Anime. Right click to download the Audio/Video.

[**Unreleased Disco**](https://unreleased.me/) - Huge archive of Unreleased Hip-Hop/Pop Songs from various Artists. They also have a Weekly folder found [here](https://unreleased.me/updates).   
*<small>Their Links may often be down, for more info and for new big releases, check their [Subreddit](https://UnreleasedDisco.reddit.com).</small>*

# Tools

[**SoulseekQT**](https://www.slsknet.org/) - P2P Music Sharing Client, can have some niche and hard to find music.     
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Nicotine+](https://nicotine-plus.org/) - A graphical client for Soulseek that is frequently updated unlike Soulseek and has added features.

[**Deemix**](https://deemix.app) & [**d-fi**](https://notabug.org/sayem314/d-fi) - Deezer downloaders. Deemix can convert Spotify playlists into Deezer playlists to download. d-fi on top of being able to download directly from Deezer, it can also accept Spotify or Tidal song links to download them from Deezer. They can download up to 128 kb/s quality with a free acount.  
**Deemix is abandoned, if you're having issues use d-fi or streamrip instead.**  
**_For higher quality downloads, a paid Deezer account is required._**

[**Qobuz-DL**](https://github.com/vitiko98/qobuz-dl) - Qobuz downloader. Supports downloads of last.fm, Spotify and Apple music playlists through Qobuz.   
**_Requires a paid Qobuz account._**  

[**Tidal-Media-Downloader**](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader) - Tidal downloader in CLI. General [guide](https://yaronzz.com/post/tidal_dl_installation/) for installation (guide for Tidal-gui is outdated).  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO](https://github.com/yaronzz/Tidal-Media-Downloader-PRO) - GUI version.  
**_Both require a paid Tidal account._**  

[**SCDL**](https://github.com/flyingrub/scdl) - SoundCloud Music downloader, can set id3tags to downloaded music too.

[**streamrip**](https://github.com/nathom/streamrip) - A Scriptable Music downloader for Qobuz, Tidal, SoundCloud, and Deezer. Supports downloads of Spotify and Apple Music playlists through last.fm.  
**_Requires a paid Qobuz/Tidal/Deezer account._**    
[**OrpheusDL**](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl) - Music downloading client.  
*__All plugins listed below require a paid account in their respective platforms except Musixmatch.__*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Tidal](https://github.com/Dniel97/orpheusdl-tidal) - Tidal downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Qobuz](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-qobuz) - Qobuz downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Deezer](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-deezer) - Deezer downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-SoundCloud](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-soundcloud) - SoundCloud downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Napster](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-napster) - Napster downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-Musixmatch](https://github.com/yarrm80s/orpheusdl-musixmatch) - Musixmatch Lyrics downloader plugin.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[OrpheusDL-KKBox](https://github.com/uhwot/orpheusdl-kkbox) - KKBox downloader plugin.

[**Zotify**](https://gitlab.com/team-zotify/zotify) - A highly customizable music and podcast downloader for Spotify.  
*<small>This tool downloads songs directly from Spotify. Use a burner account.</small>*  
[**spotDL**](https://github.com/spotDL/spotify-downloader) - Download your Spotify playlists and songs along with album art and metadata fetched from YouTube.  
*<small>This tool does not download songs directly from Spotify.</small>*

**[SpotX](https://github.com/orgs/SpotX-CLI/repositories)** - Block video, audio and banner ads on Spotify, also unlocks some Premium and Experimental features.

[**YT-DLP**](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - Can download from over 1500 sites including: Crunchyroll, Funimation, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, PornHub and more. [Link](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) to all supported sites.  
*<small>Actively maintained fork of the popular YouTube Downloader [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/) with more functionality.</small>*

[**dzunlock**](https://git.uhwot.cf/uhwot/dzunlock) - A browser UserScript that allows up to Hi-Fi streaming on Deezer.

# Communities

[**Slav Art**](https://slavart.gamesdrive.net) - Allows downloading tracks from Qobuz.  
Their [Divolt Server](https://slavart.divolt.xyz) on the other hand, has multiple [bots](https://github.com/crackhub-dev/music-dl-bot) that can download from Qobuz, TIDAL, Deezer, Soundcloud, Spotify, Apple Music, JioSaavn and YouTube Music. They allow community music requesting/sharing.  
*<small>[Info](https://rentry.org/selfhosted-divolt) regarding Divolt and how it compares to [Revolt](https://revolt.chat/).</small>*

[**SquidBoard**](https://squid-board.org) - A forum for sharing and requesting any type of music including Game OSTs, Anime OSTs, TV music and more.   
**_Requires Sign-up_**.  

[**Doujin Café**](https://discord.gg/doujincafe) - The source of nearly all doujin rips online.  
**_Discord Server_**.  

[**r/xTrill**](https://xTrill.reddit.com) - A Subreddit for requesting and sharing Music.

[**r/MusicHoarder**](https://musichoarder.reddit.com) - A SubReddit for general Music enthusiasts, they allow requesting and sharing Music. Check their [Wiki](https://reddit.com/r/musichoarder/wiki/index) for some useful information.

# Misc

[**THE MEGA MUSIC RIPPING GUIDE**](https://ori5000.github.io/musicripping.html) - A music ripping guide for various platforms by Esoteria Avenue.

[**Morris Motel**](https://morrismotel.com/tag/music-piracy/) - Have some guides relating to ripping from Deezer such as generating Hi-Fi ARLs etc., launched after the initial shutdown of [r/FreeDeezerARL](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com), but are currently not assocaited with them.   
*<small>They share premium Deezer ARLs (used for ripping music with <a target="_self" href="#tools">Ripping Tools</a>) on their [Matrix Chat](https://matrix.to/#/#morrismotel:morrismotel.com).</small>*  
**Site currently shows offline but will come back**.  

[**FreeDeezerARL**](https://rentry.co/freedeezerarl/) - They share Deezer ARLs (used for ripping music with <a target="_self" href="#tools">Ripping Tools</a>) they also have a SubReddit [r/FreeDeezerARL](https://freedeezerarl.reddit.com).

[**Spek**](http://spek.cc/) - Cross-platform GUI spectral creation program with easy drag and drop. Beginner-friendly but spectograms are not as detailed/clear as SoX. 

[**SoX**](http://sox.sourceforge.net/) - Cross-platform CLI Swiss Army knife of sound processing programs, generates clean high quality spectograms with loads of additional features like collaging multiple spectograms and even applying various effects to these sound files. First time users may be confused by the [vast features](http://sox.sourceforge.net/Docs/Features) and are hence recommended to read the documentation once.

[**hey-bro-check-log**](https://github.com/doujincafe/hbcl) - A CLI log checker maintained by Doujin Café Discord. Forked from the official [hbcl](https://github.com/ligh7s/hey-bro-check-log) repository. 

[**CUETools**](http://cue.tools/wiki/CUETools) - CUETools is a tool for lossless audio/CUE sheet format conversion. The goal is to make sure the album image is preserved accurately.  

[**Deezer ARL Checker**](https://dz.doubledouble.top/) - Deezer ARL checker, useful for verifying ARLs.

[**Tune My Music**](https://www.tunemymusic.com/) - Transfer your music library from any music service to any other you want. Supports Spotify, TIDAL, Apple Music, YouTube, Amazon Music, Pandora and many more.
