TV/Anime.md, before:

---
title: Anime
description: Comprehensive list of sites for downloading and streaming Anime.
---

[**Wotaku**](https://wotaku.wiki/) - a **HUGE** list of Streaming/Downloading sites and apps categorized in Languages, Sub/Dubs and more.  
[**The Anime Index**](https://theindex.moe/) - a list of Tools, Apps and Sites for your Anime needs.

# Downloading

**[Nyaa](https://nyaa.si/?c=1_0) (Torrent)** - The Best Public Tracker to get Anime from.  
**[Sukebei](https://sukebei.nyaa.si/?c=1_1) (Torrent)** - The Best Public Tracker to get Hentai from.  
*<small>Use Japanese titles to get beter results.</small>*

**[The Anime Index](https://theindex.moe/library/anime) (DDL / Torrent)** - This site also has Download sites/apps for Anime/**_Hentai_**/Manga and more.

**[AnimeTosho](https://animetosho.org) (Torrent)** - Collates Releases from Public Trackers, and has DDL links for file attachments (Subtitles, Fonts, Chapters, Tags).

**[AniDex](https://anidex.info/?q=&id=1,2,3) (Torrent)** - Alternative Tracker to get Anime from, A Few Releasers post exclusively here.

**[AniRena](https://www.anirena.com/index.php?t=2) (Torrent)** - General Tracker for everything Japanese.

**[Tokyo Toshokan](https://www.tokyotosho.info/?cat=1) (Torrent)** - A Library for every type of Japanese Media, shared with Torrents.  

[**Nibl Bots**](https://nibl.co.uk/bots) | [**AniMK**](https://animk.info/xdcc/) **(XDCC)** - Sites indexing IRC Bots where you can Download from using IRC Clients.  
*<small>Check the [AnimePiracy Wiki](https://thewiki.moe/sourcing/ddl/#irc) for a detailed guide into XDCC.</small>*

# Release Indexes

[**SeaDex**](https://releases.moe) - A big list of the best Releases for Anime organised by Seadex.

[**A Certain Fansubber's Index**](https://index.fansubcar.tel/) - Another list of the top Quality Releases for Anime.

# Apps

[**qBittorrent**](https://www.qbittorrent.org) | [**Deluge**](https://www.deluge-torrent.org) | [**Transmission**](https://transmissionbt.com/) - Free, Lightweight and open source Torrent Clients.  
*<small>We do not recommend using [µTorrent](https://www.utorrent.com) or [BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/), as it came bundled with Adware, Spyware, and Crypto-Miners in the past [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.trustedreviews.com/news/utorrent-silently-installing-bundled-bitcoin-mining-software-2931825). In its current state, it's Adware and Bloatware. We don't recommend using µTorrent v2.2.1 either due to confirmed Security Exploits.</small>*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBittorrent Enhanced Edition](https://github.com/c0re100/qBittorrent-Enhanced-Edition/blob/-/README.md) - A qBittorrent fork with enhanced privacy (IP filtering, auto-ban bots and copyright trolls, auto-update public trackers).  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBittorrent Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/qbittorrent.md) - A guide for configuring qBittorrent.  

[**AB-DM**](https://abdownloadmanager.com/) | [**IDM**](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/) | [**JD2**](https://jdownloader.org/jdownloader2) | [**Motrix**](https://motrix.app/) | [**FDM**](https://www.freedownloadmanager.org/) - Download Managers that can boost Download speeds. Motrix and FDM support Torrenting, and JD2 is best for downloading multiple files simultaneously. IDM is paid.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Elephant](https://github.com/meowcateatrat/elephant) - Adds YT-DLP support to FDM, meaning it can download from all [these](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) sites.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[JDownloader 2 Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/jdownloader2.md) - A guide for setting up JDownloader 2.

[**YT-DLP**](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - Can download from over 1500 sites including: Crunchyroll, Funimation, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, PornHub and more. [Link](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) to all supported sites.  
*<small>Maintained fork of the popular YouTube Downloader [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/) with more functionality.</small>*  
[**Stacher**](https://stacher.io/) - A modern YouTube Downloader, front-end/GUI for [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/).  
[**cobalt**](https://cobalt.tools/) - Downloader that supports Instagram, Reddit, TikTok and [more](https://github.com/wukko/cobalt?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-services).  
[**TubeDigger**](https://www.tubedigger.com/index.html) - Advanced Media Downloader, has wider support for capturing and downloading media.   

**[Taiga (<span style="color:red">Windows</span>)](https://github.com/erengy/taiga)** | **[Trackma (<span style="color:red">Linux</span>)](https://github.com/z411/trackma/)** - Automatically detects the Anime Videos you watch on your PC and synchronizes your progress with AniList, Kitsu, MyAnimeList and more.  
**A must have for Weebs.**

# Misc

[**The AnimePiracy Wiki**](https://thewiki.moe) - Comprehensive information about everything Anime Piracy. A MUST READ if you are interested.

[**AnimeThemes**](https://animethemes.moe) | [**Themes.moe**](https://themes.moe) - A huge collection of Ending/Opening Themes for Anime.

[**SauceNAO**](https://saucenao.com) | [**Anime Scene Search Engine**](https://trace.moe/) - Reverse image search engines for Anime, SauceNAO is also helpful in identifying *sauce*.

[**Senpai.moe**](https://www.senpai.moe/) - Calender for upcoming Official Anime Releases.

[**BECAUSE.MOE**](https://because.moe/) - Search engine to find streaming services that offer the Anime you search for.  
**Accurate up to May 27, 2020**.

> <span style="color:orange">**DDL:**</span> Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> <span style="color:orange">**Torrent:**</span> A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down.

> &nbsp;

> <span style="color:orange">**XDCC:**</span> A computer file sharing method which uses the [Internet Relay Chat](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) network as a host service. In essence, it's a Direct Download.

Commit message:

Additions Anime.md
Added EverythingMoe - list & review sites/apps related with Anime/Manga culture.

TV/Anime.md, after:

---
title: Anime
description: Comprehensive list of sites for downloading and streaming Anime.
---

[**Wotaku**](https://wotaku.wiki/) - a **HUGE** list of Streaming/Downloading sites and apps categorized in Languages, Sub/Dubs and more.  
[**The Anime Index**](https://theindex.moe/) - a list of Tools, Apps and Sites for your Anime needs.
[**EverythingMoe**](https://everythingmoe.com/) - Curated toplist of Sites/Apps related with Anime/Manga culture

# Downloading

**[Nyaa](https://nyaa.si/?c=1_0) (Torrent)** - The Best Public Tracker to get Anime from.  
**[Sukebei](https://sukebei.nyaa.si/?c=1_1) (Torrent)** - The Best Public Tracker to get Hentai from.  
*<small>Use Japanese titles to get beter results.</small>*

**[The Anime Index](https://theindex.moe/library/anime) (DDL / Torrent)** - This site also has Download sites/apps for Anime/**_Hentai_**/Manga and more.

**[AnimeTosho](https://animetosho.org) (Torrent)** - Collates Releases from Public Trackers, and has DDL links for file attachments (Subtitles, Fonts, Chapters, Tags).

**[AniDex](https://anidex.info/?q=&id=1,2,3) (Torrent)** - Alternative Tracker to get Anime from, A Few Releasers post exclusively here.

**[AniRena](https://www.anirena.com/index.php?t=2) (Torrent)** - General Tracker for everything Japanese.

**[Tokyo Toshokan](https://www.tokyotosho.info/?cat=1) (Torrent)** - A Library for every type of Japanese Media, shared with Torrents.  

[**Nibl Bots**](https://nibl.co.uk/bots) | [**AniMK**](https://animk.info/xdcc/) **(XDCC)** - Sites indexing IRC Bots where you can Download from using IRC Clients.  
*<small>Check the [AnimePiracy Wiki](https://thewiki.moe/sourcing/ddl/#irc) for a detailed guide into XDCC.</small>*

# Release Indexes

[**SeaDex**](https://releases.moe) - A big list of the best Releases for Anime organised by Seadex.

[**A Certain Fansubber's Index**](https://index.fansubcar.tel/) - Another list of the top Quality Releases for Anime.

# Apps

[**qBittorrent**](https://www.qbittorrent.org) | [**Deluge**](https://www.deluge-torrent.org) | [**Transmission**](https://transmissionbt.com/) - Free, Lightweight and open source Torrent Clients.  
*<small>We do not recommend using [µTorrent](https://www.utorrent.com) or [BitTorrent](https://www.bittorrent.com/), as it came bundled with Adware, Spyware, and Crypto-Miners in the past [<sup>[1]</sup>](https://www.trustedreviews.com/news/utorrent-silently-installing-bundled-bitcoin-mining-software-2931825). In its current state, it's Adware and Bloatware. We don't recommend using µTorrent v2.2.1 either due to confirmed Security Exploits.</small>*  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBittorrent Enhanced Edition](https://github.com/c0re100/qBittorrent-Enhanced-Edition/blob/-/README.md) - A qBittorrent fork with enhanced privacy (IP filtering, auto-ban bots and copyright trolls, auto-update public trackers).  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[qBittorrent Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/qbittorrent.md) - A guide for configuring qBittorrent.  

[**AB-DM**](https://abdownloadmanager.com/) | [**IDM**](https://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/) | [**JD2**](https://jdownloader.org/jdownloader2) | [**Motrix**](https://motrix.app/) | [**FDM**](https://www.freedownloadmanager.org/) - Download Managers that can boost Download speeds. Motrix and FDM support Torrenting, and JD2 is best for downloading multiple files simultaneously. IDM is paid.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Elephant](https://github.com/meowcateatrat/elephant) - Adds YT-DLP support to FDM, meaning it can download from all [these](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) sites.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[JDownloader 2 Guide](https://gitlab.com/ZediAlreadyTaken/guides/-/blob/main/jdownloader2.md) - A guide for setting up JDownloader 2.

[**YT-DLP**](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - Can download from over 1500 sites including: Crunchyroll, Funimation, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, PornHub and more. [Link](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) to all supported sites.  
*<small>Maintained fork of the popular YouTube Downloader [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/) with more functionality.</small>*  
[**Stacher**](https://stacher.io/) - A modern YouTube Downloader, front-end/GUI for [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/).  
[**cobalt**](https://cobalt.tools/) - Downloader that supports Instagram, Reddit, TikTok and [more](https://github.com/wukko/cobalt?tab=readme-ov-file#supported-services).  
[**TubeDigger**](https://www.tubedigger.com/index.html) - Advanced Media Downloader, has wider support for capturing and downloading media.   

**[Taiga (<span style="color:red">Windows</span>)](https://github.com/erengy/taiga)** | **[Trackma (<span style="color:red">Linux</span>)](https://github.com/z411/trackma/)** - Automatically detects the Anime Videos you watch on your PC and synchronizes your progress with AniList, Kitsu, MyAnimeList and more.  
**A must have for Weebs.**

# Misc

[**The AnimePiracy Wiki**](https://thewiki.moe) - Comprehensive information about everything Anime Piracy. A MUST READ if you are interested.

[**AnimeThemes**](https://animethemes.moe) | [**Themes.moe**](https://themes.moe) - A huge collection of Ending/Opening Themes for Anime.

[**SauceNAO**](https://saucenao.com) | [**Anime Scene Search Engine**](https://trace.moe/) - Reverse image search engines for Anime, SauceNAO is also helpful in identifying *sauce*.

[**Senpai.moe**](https://www.senpai.moe/) - Calender for upcoming Official Anime Releases.

[**BECAUSE.MOE**](https://because.moe/) - Search engine to find streaming services that offer the Anime you search for.  
**Accurate up to May 27, 2020**.

> <span style="color:orange">**DDL:**</span> Direct Download, where you can download a file from a server usually done through your Browser.    

> &nbsp;
  
> <span style="color:orange">**Torrent:**</span> A decentralised Peer-to-Peer file sharing protocol that is very common when sharing Pirated Content, since the file isnt on a single server that can easily be taken down.

> &nbsp;

> <span style="color:orange">**XDCC:**</span> A computer file sharing method which uses the [Internet Relay Chat](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat) network as a host service. In essence, it's a Direct Download.
